A;Agilent Technologies, Inc. provides application focused solutions to the life sciences, diagnostics, and applied chemical markets worldwide. The company operates in three segments: Life Sciences and Applied Markets, Diagnostics and Genomics, and Agilent CrossLab. The Life Sciences and Applied Markets segment offers liquid chromatography systems and components; liquid chromatography mass spectrometry systems; gas chromatography systems and components; gas chromatography mass spectrometry systems; inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry instruments; atomic absorption instruments; microwave plasma-atomic emission spectrometry instruments; inductively coupled plasma optical emission spectrometry instruments; raman spectroscopy; laboratory software; information management and analytics; laboratory automation and robotic systems; dissolution testing; and vacuum pumps, and measurement technologies. This segment also offers GC and LC columns, sample preparation products, custom chemistries, and laboratory instrument supplies. The Diagnostics and Genomics segment provides genomics, contract manufacturing and research and development, pathology, companion diagnostics, reagent partnership, and biomolecular analysis businesses; and cell analysis plate based assays, flow cytometers, real-time cell analyzers, cell imaging systems, microplate readers, and related consumables. The Agilent CrossLab segment provides various services, including repairs, parts, maintenance, installations, training, compliance support, software as a service, asset management, and consulting services. The company markets its products through direct sales, distributors, resellers, manufacturer's representatives, and electronic commerce. Agilent Technologies, Inc. was incorporated in 1999 and is headquartered in Santa Clara, California.;tech
AA;Alcoa Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the bauxite mining, alumina refining, aluminum production, and energy generation business in Australia, Brazil, Canada, Iceland, Norway, Spain, the United States, and internationally. The company operates through two segments, Alumina and Aluminum. It operates bauxite and other aluminous ores mining; and processes bauxite into alumina for sale to aluminum smelter customers and customers who process it into industrial chemical products through supply contracts to third parties, as well as aluminum smelting and casting businesses. The company offers primary aluminum in the form of alloy ingot or value-add ingot to customers that produce products for transportation, building and construction, packaging, wire, other industrial markets, and traders. In addition, it provides energy that generates and sells electricity in the wholesale market to traders, large industrial consumers, distribution companies, and other generation companies. The company was formerly known as Alcoa Upstream Corporation and changed its name to Alcoa Corporation in October 2016. The company was founded in 1886 and is headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.;tech
AAP;Advance Auto Parts, Inc. engages in the provision of automotive aftermarket parts in the United States and internationally. The company offers batteries and battery accessories; belts and hoses; brakes and brake pads; chassis parts; climate control parts; clutches and drive shafts; engines and engine parts; exhaust systems and parts; hub assemblies; ignition components and wire; radiators and cooling parts; starters and alternators; and steering and alignment parts. It also provides air conditioning chemicals and accessories; air fresheners; antifreeze and washer fluid; electrical wire and fuses; electronics; floor mats, seat covers and interior accessories; hand and specialty tools; lighting; performance parts; sealants, adhesives and compounds; tire repair accessories; vent shades, mirrors and exterior accessories; washes, waxes and cleaning supplies; and wiper blades. In addition, the company offers air filters; fuel and oil additives; fuel filters; grease and lubricants; motor oil; oil filters; part cleaners and treatments; and transmission fluid. Further, it provides battery and wiper installation; engine light scanning and checking; electrical system testing, including batteries, starters, and alternators; oil and battery recycling; and loaner tool program services. The company serves professional installers and do-it-yourself customers. It operates stores under the Advance Auto Parts and Carquest names. The company has stores in the United States, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and Canada; and independently owned Carquest branded stores in Mexico and the Caribbean Islands. Advance Auto Parts, Inc. was founded in 1929 and is based in Raleigh, North Carolina.;tech
AAT;American Assets Trust, Inc. is a full service, vertically integrated and self-administered real estate investment trust ("REIT"), headquartered in San Diego, California. The company has over 55 years of experience in acquiring, improving, developing and managing premier office, retail, and residential properties throughout the United States in some of the nation's most dynamic, high-barrier-to-entry markets primarily in Southern California, Northern California, Washington, Oregon, Texas and Hawaii. The company's office portfolio comprises approximately 4.1 million rentable square feet, and its retail portfolio comprises approximately 2.4 million rentable square feet. In addition, the company owns one mixed-use property (including approximately 94,000 rentable square feet of retail space and a 369-room all-suite hotel) and 2,302 multifamily units. In 2011, the company was formed to succeed to the real estate business of American Assets, Inc., a privately held corporation founded in 1967 and, as such, has significant experience, long-standing relationships and extensive knowledge of its core markets, submarkets and asset classes.;tech
AB;AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. is a publicly owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to investment companies, pension and profit-sharing plans, banks and thrift institutions, 
trusts, estates, government agencies, charitable organizations, individuals, corporations and other business entities. The firm manages separate client focused portfolios for its clients. The firm primarily invests in common and preferred stocks, warrants and convertible securities, government and corporate fixed-income securities, commodities, currencies, real estate-related assets and inflation-protected securities. The firm employs quantitative analysis along with long-term purchases, short-term purchases, trading, short sales, margin transactions, option strategies including writing covered options, uncovered options and spread strategies to make its investments. The firm obtains external research to complement its in-house research. The firm was formerly known as Alliance Capital Management Holding LP. AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. was founded in 1967 and is based in Nashville,Tennessee with additional offices in New York.;tech
ABBV;AbbVie Inc., a research-based biopharmaceutical company, engages in the research and development, manufacture, commercialization, and sale of medicines and therapies worldwide. The company offers Humira, an injection for autoimmune and intestinal Behçet's diseases, generalized pustular psoriasis, and pyoderma gangrenosum; Skyrizi to treat autoimmune diseases, erythrodermic psoriasis, generalized pustular psoriasis, and palmoplantar pustulosis; Rinvoq to treat inflammatory diseases; Imbruvica for the treatment of adult patients with blood cancers; Venclexta/Venclyxto to treat blood cancers; Elahere to treat various cancer; and Epkinly to treat lymphoma. It also provides facial injectables, plastics and regenerative medicine, body contouring, and skincare products; botox therapeutic to treat neurologic diseases; Vraylar to treat schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, and depressive disorder; Duopa and Duodopa to treat Parkinson's disease; Ubrelvy to treat migraine; and Qulipta for episodic and chronic migraine, as well as other neuroscience products. In addition, the company offers Ozurdex for eye diseases; Lumigan/Ganfort and Alphagan/Combigan for the reduction of elevated intraocular pressure in patients with open angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension; Restasis to increase tear production; and other eye care products. Further, it provides Mavyret/Maviret to treat chronic hepatitis C virus genotype 1-6 infection; Creon, a pancreatic enzyme therapy; and Linzess/Constella to treat irritable bowel syndrome with constipation and chronic idiopathic constipation. The company was incorporated in 2012 and is headquartered in North Chicago, Illinois.;tech
ABCB;Ameris Bancorp operates as the bank holding company for Ameris Bank that provides range of banking services to retail and commercial customers. It operates through four segments: Banking Division, Retail Mortgage Division, Warehouse Lending Division, and Premium Finance Division. The company offers commercial and retail checking, regular interest-bearing savings, money market, individual retirement, and certificates of deposit accounts. It also provides commercial real estate, residential real estate mortgage, agricultural, and commercial and industrial loans; consumer loans, including motor vehicle, home improvement, and home equity loans, as well as loans secured by savings accounts and personal credit lines. In addition, the company originates, administers, and services commercial insurance premium loans, equipment finance loans, and small business administration loans. Further, it operates full-service domestic banking offices, and mortgage and loan production offices. The company was founded in 1971 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
ABEV;Ambev S.A., through its subsidiaries, engages in the production, distribution, and sale of beer, draft beer, carbonated soft drinks, malt and food, other alcoholic beverages, and non-alcoholic and non-carbonated products in Brazil, Central America and Caribbean, Latin America South, and Canada. It also provides carbonated soft drinks, bottled water, isotonic beverages, energy drinks, coconut water, powdered and natural juices, and ready-to-drink teas. The company offers its products under its own main brands, such as Brahma, SkoL, Antarctica, Original, Quilmes, Andes Origen, Patricia, Paceña, Huari, Pilsen, Presidente, Balboa, Guaraná Antarctica, and e Beats; and licensed brands, including Budweiser, Corona, Spaten, Stella Artois, Beck's, Modelo, Bud Light, Busch, and e Michelob Ultra, as well as under the Pepsi, H2OH! , Lipton IceTea, and Red Bull. It offers its products through a network of third-party distributors and a direct distribution system. The company was founded in 1885 and is headquartered in São Paulo, Brazil. Ambev S.A. operates as a subsidiary of Interbrew International B.V;tech
ABG;Asbury Automotive Group, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an automotive retailer in the United States. It operates through Dealerships and Total Care Auto, Powered by Landcar (TCA) segments. The company offers a range of automotive products and services, including new and used vehicles; and vehicle repair and maintenance services, replacement parts, collision repair, and recondition of used vehicle services. It also provides finance and insurance products, including arranging vehicle financing through third parties; and aftermarket products, such as extended vehicle service contracts, guaranteed asset protection debt cancellation, prepaid maintenance contracts, key replacement contracts, paintless debt repair contracts, appearance protection contracts, tire and wheel, and lease wear and tear contracts. The company sells its products and services to individual retail customers, other dealers, and licensed wholesalers through its network of dealerships and at auctions. Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Duluth, Georgia.;tech
ABM;ABM Industries Incorporated, through its subsidiaries, engages in the provision of integrated facility, infrastructure, and mobility solutions in the United States and internationally. It operates through Business & Industry, Manufacturing & Distribution, Education, Aviation, and Technical Solutions segments. The company offers janitorial, facilities engineering, and parking services for commercial real estate properties, including corporate offices for high tech clients, sports and entertainment venues, and traditional hospitals and non-acute healthcare facilities; and vehicle maintenance and other services to rental car providers. It also offers integrated facility services, engineering, and other specialized services in various types of manufacturing, distribution, and data center facilities. In addition, the company delivers custodial and landscaping and grounds for public school districts, private schools, colleges, and universities. Further, it supports airlines and airports with services comprising passenger assistance, catering logistics, air cabin maintenance, and transportation services. Additionally, the company provides facility infrastructure, mechanical and electrical services; and electric vehicle power and microgrid systems design, installation, and maintenance services. ABM Industries Incorporated was founded in 1909 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
ABT;Abbott Laboratories, together with its subsidiaries, discovers, develops, manufactures, and sells health care products worldwide. It operates in four segments: Established Pharmaceutical Products, Diagnostic Products, Nutritional Products, and Medical Devices. The company provides generic pharmaceuticals for the treatment of pancreatic exocrine insufficiency, irritable bowel syndrome or biliary spasm, intrahepatic cholestasis or depressive symptoms, gynecological disorder, hormone replacement therapy, dyslipidemia, hypertension, hypothyroidism, hypertriglyceridemia, Ménière's disease and vestibular vertigo, pain, fever, inflammation, and migraine, as well as provides anti-infective clarithromycin, influenza vaccine, and products to regulate physiological rhythm of the colon. It also offers laboratory and transfusion medicine systems in the areas of immunoassay, clinical chemistry, hematology, and transfusion serology testing; molecular diagnostics polymerase chain reaction instrument systems that automate the extraction, purification, and preparation of DNA and RNA from patient samples, and detect and measure infectious agents; point of care systems; cartridges for testing blood gas, chemistry, electrolytes, coagulation, and immunoassay; rapid diagnostics lateral flow testing products; molecular point-of-care testing for HIV, SARS-CoV-2, influenza A and B, RSV, and strep A; cardiometabolic test systems; and drug and alcohol test. In addition, the company provides pediatric and adult nutritional products and infant formula; rhythm management, electrophysiology, heart failure, vascular, and structural heart devices for the treatment of cardiovascular diseases; diabetes care products, such as glucose and blood glucose monitoring systems; and neuromodulation devices for the management of chronic pain and movement disorders. Abbott Laboratories was founded in 1888 and is based in North Chicago, Illinois.;tech
ACA;Arcosa, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides infrastructure-related products and solutions for the construction, engineered structures, and transportation markets in the United States. The company operates through three segments: Construction Products, Engineered Structures, and Transportation Products. The Construction Products segment offers natural and recycled aggregates; specialty materials; and construction site support equipment, including trench shields and shoring products for residential and non-residential construction, and specialty/other products, as well as for infrastructure construction. The Engineered Structures segment offers utility structures, wind towers, traffic and lighting structures, and telecommunication structures for electricity transmission and distribution, wind power generation, highway road construction, and wireless communication markets. This segment sells its products to contractors and distributors serving state Departments of Transportation and state and municipality agencies. The Transportation Products segment offers inland barges, fiberglass barge covers, winches, marine hardware, and other transportation and industrial equipment to the commercial marine transportation companies, lessors, and industrial shippers. Arcosa, Inc. was incorporated in 2018 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
ACCO;ACCO Brands Corporation designs, manufactures, and markets consumer, school, technology, and office products in the United States, Canada, Brazil, Mexico, Chile, Europe, the Middle East, Australia, New Zealand, and Asia. It operates in two segments, ACCO Brands Americas and ACCO Brands International. The company offers note taking products, computer and gaming accessories, planners, workspace machines, tools and essentials, and dry erase boards and accessories, as well as filing and organization products, and writing and art products; and shredding, laminating and binding machines, stapling, punching, and do-it-yourself tools. It sells its products under the Five Star, PowerA, Tilibra, AT-A-GLANCE, Kensington, Quartet, GBC, Mead, Swingline, Barrilito, Foroni, Hilroy, Leitz, Rapid, Esselte, Rexel, PowerA, NOBO, Franken, Derwent, Marbig, Artline, and Spirax brands. The company distributes its products through various channels, including mass retailers, e-tailers, discount, drug/grocery, and variety chains, warehouse clubs, hardware and specialty stores, independent office product dealers, office superstores, wholesalers, contract stationers, and technology specialty businesses, as well as sells products directly to commercial and consumer end-users through its e-commerce platform and direct sales organization. The company was founded in 1893 and is headquartered in Lake Zurich, Illinois.;tech
ACEL;Accel Entertainment, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a distributed gaming and local entertainment operator in the United States. It engages in the installation, maintenance, and operation of gaming terminals; redemption devices that disburse winnings and contain automated teller machine (ATM) functionality; and other amusement devices in authorized non-casino locations, such as restaurants, bars, taverns, convenience stores, liquor stores, truck stops, and grocery stores. The company also designs and manufactures gaming terminals and related equipment, as well as offers turnkey and full-service gaming solutions to bars, restaurants, convenience stores, truck stops, and fraternal and veteran establishments. In addition, it operates casionos; and stand-alone ATMs in gaming and non-gaming locations, as well as amusement devices, including jukeboxes, dartboards, pool tables, and other entertainment related equipment. The company is headquartered in Burr Ridge, Illinois.;tech
ACHR;Archer Aviation Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs and develops aircraft and related technologies and services in the United States and internationally. It operates through the commercial and defense sectors. The company offers electric vertical takeoff and landing (eVTOL) aircraft for use in urban air mobility (UAM) and Archer Direct, a commercial aircraft. It also provides direct-to-consumer aerial ride share services and maintenance and repair services. The company was incorporated in 2018 and is headquartered in San Jose, California.;tech
ACI;Albertsons Companies, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates in the food and drug retail industry in the United States. The company's food and drug retail stores offer grocery products, general merchandise, health and beauty care products, pharmacy, fuel, and other items and services. It also manufactures and processes food products for sale in stores. The company operates stores under various banners, including Albertsons, Safeway, Vons, Pavilions, Randalls, Tom Thumb, Carrs, Jewel-Osco, ACME, Shaw's, Star Market, United Supermarkets, Market Street, Haggen, Kings Food Markets, and Balducci's Food Lovers Market; and in-store pharmacies and branded coffee shops, fuel centers, distribution centers, and manufacturing facilities, as well as various digital platforms. Albertsons Companies, Inc. was founded in 1860 and is headquartered in Boise, Idaho.;tech
ACM;AECOM, together with its subsidiaries, provides professional infrastructure consulting services for governments, businesses, and organizations worldwide. It operates in three segments: Americas, International, and AECOM Capital. The company offers advisory, planning, consulting, architectural and engineering design, construction and program management, and investment and development services to public and private clients. It is also involved in the investment and development of real estate projects. The company serves transportation, water, facilities, environmental, and energy sectors. The company was formerly known as AECOM Technology Corporation and changed its name to AECOM in January 2015. AECOM was incorporated in 1980 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
ACN;Accenture plc provides strategy and consulting, industry X, song, and technology and operation services in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and internationally. It offers systems integration and application management; security; intelligent platform; infrastructure; software engineering; data and AI; and automation services. The company also operates business processes; and designs, manufactures, and assembles automation equipment, robotics, and other commercial hardware products. It serves communications, media, and technology; banking and capital markets, and insurance; health and public service; consumer goods, retail, travel services; industrial; life science; chemicals, natural resources, energy, and utilities sectors. It has collaboration agreement with Kyoto University to advance learning, research, and innovation in human-centered  AI. The company was founded in 1951 and is based in Dublin, Ireland.;tech
ACVA;ACV Auctions Inc. provides a wholesale auction marketplace to facilitate business-to-business used vehicle sales between a selling and buying dealership. The company's marketplace platform includes digital marketplace that connects buyers and sellers by providing auctions, which facilitates real-time transactions of wholesale vehicles; Run List for pre-filtering and pre-screening of vehicles up to 24 hours prior to an auction taking place; ACV transportation service to enable the buyers to see real-time transportation quotes; ACV capital, a short-term inventory financing services for buyers to purchase vehicles; and Go Green customer assurance services for claims against defects in the vehicle. It also provides remarketing centers, which offers value-added services, such as vehicle reconditioning and storage to facilitate auction business with commercial partners, such as fleet, rental car, and financial sector consignors. In addition, the company offers data services, including True360 report, which provides cosmetic and structural vehicle assessments integrated into vehicle history reports for dealer to make wholesale and retail transaction decisions on and off the marketplace; ACV market report provides transaction data and condition reports for comparable used vehicles, including pricing data from third-party sources and allows dealers to determine pricing and valuation strategies for used vehicles; and ACV MAX inventory management software that enables dealers to manage their inventory and set pricing while turning vehicles. Further, it provides data and technology through inspection, such as condition reports, virtual lift solutions, Apex device, and vehicle intelligence platform; and marketplace enablement, comprising MyACV application, private marketplaces, operations automation, live appraisals, and programmatic buying service. ACV Auctions Inc. was incorporated in 2014 and is headquartered in Buffalo, New York.;tech
AD;Array Digital Infrastructure, Inc. provides wireless telecommunications services in the United States. The company offers wireless services, including voice, messaging, and data services. It also provides wireless devices, such as handsets, tablets, mobile hotspots, home phones, and routers, as well as wireless essentials, including cases, screen protectors, chargers, and memory cards; and consumer electronics comprising Bluetooth audio, wi-fi enabled cameras, and networking products. In addition, it sells wireless devices to agents and other third-party distributors for resale; and offers option for customers to purchase devices and accessories under installment contracts. Further, the company offers wireless roaming, wireless eligible telecommunications carrier, and tower rental services. It serves consumer, business, and government customers. The company provides its products and services through retail sales, direct sales, telesales, ecommerce, resellers, and independent agents, as well as third-party national retailers. The company was formerly known as United States Cellular Corporation and changed its name to Array Digital Infrastructure, Inc. in August 2025. Array Digital Infrastructure, Inc. was incorporated in 1983 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. As of Novemeber 7, 2024, Array Digital Infrastructure, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Telephone and Data Systems, Inc.;tech
ADC;Agree Realty Corporation is a publicly traded real estate investment trust that is RETHINKING RETAIL through the acquisition and development of properties net leased to industry-leading, omni-channel retail tenants. As of June 30, 2025, the Company owned and operated a portfolio of 2,513 properties, located in all 50 states and containing approximately 52.0 million square feet of gross leasable area. The Company's common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol ADC.;tech
ADCT;ADC Therapeutics SA provides antibody drug conjugate (ADC) technology platform to transform the treatment paradigm for patients with hematologic malignancies and solid tumors. Its flagship product includes ZYNLONTA, a CD19-directed ADC, received accelerated approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, conditional approval from the European Commission, and conditional approval from the China National Medical Products Administration for the treatment of relapsed or refractory diffuse large B-cell lymphoma (DLBCL) after two or more lines of systemic therapy. The company is also seeking to continue expanding ZYNLONTA into international markets and into earlier lines of DLBCL and indolent lymphomas, including follicular lymphoma (FL) and marginal zone lymphoma (MZL) as a single agent and in combination through its LOTIS-5 confirmatory Phase 3 clinical trial and LOTIS-7 Phase 1b clinical trial, as well as through investigator-initiated trials (IITs). In addition, it is investigating a CD-22 targeted compound' and ADCT-602 that is in a Phase 1/2 IIT in refractory B-cell acute lymphoblastic leukemia. Further, the company's pre-clinical stage pipeline includes a portfolio of next generation investigational ADCs targeting Claudin-6, NaPi2b, PSMA, NaPi2b, and ASCT2. ADC Therapeutics SA was incorporated in 2011 and is headquartered in Epalinges, Switzerland.;tech
ADM;Archer-Daniels-Midland Company engages in the procurement, transportation, storage, processing, and merchandising of agricultural commodities, ingredients, flavors, and solutions. It operates in three segments: Ag Services and Oilseeds; Carbohydrate Solutions; and Nutrition. The company originates, merchandises, stores, and transports agricultural raw materials, such as oilseeds and soft seeds. It engages in the agricultural commodity and feed product import, export, and distribution; and various structured trade finance activities. In addition, the company offers soybean meal and oil; vegetable and salad oils and protein meals; ingredients for the food, feed, energy, and industrial customers; margarine, shortening, and other food products; and partially refined oils to produce biodiesel and glycols for use in chemicals, paints, and other industrial products. Further, it provides peanuts, peanut-derived ingredients, and cotton cellulose pulp; sweeteners, corn and wheat starches, syrup, glucose, wheat flour, and dextrose; alcohol, and other food and animal feed ingredients; ethyl alcohol and ethanol; corn gluten feed and meal; distillers' grains; corn germ; and citric acids. Additionally, the company provides proteins, natural flavors, flavor systems, natural colors, emulsifiers, soluble fiber, polyols, hydrocolloids, probiotics, prebiotics, postbiotics, enzymes, and botanical extracts; and other specialty food and feed ingredients; edible beans; formula feeds, and animal health and nutrition products; and contract and private label pet treats and food products. It also offers futures commission merchant; commodity brokerage; cash margins and securities pledged to commodity exchange clearinghouse; and cash pledged as security under certain insurance arrangements. It operates in the United States, Switzerland, the Cayman Islands, Brazil, Mexico, Canada, the United Kingdom, and internationally. The company was founded in 1902 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
ADNT;Adient plc engages in the design, development, manufacture, and market of seating systems and components for passenger cars, commercial vehicles, and light trucks. The company's automotive seating solutions include complete seating systems, mechanisms, frames, foams, head restraints, armrests, and trim covers. It serves automotive original equipment manufacturers in North America and South America; Europe, Middle East, and Africa; and the Asia Pacific/China. Adient plc was incorporated in 2016 and is based in Dublin, Ireland.;tech
ADT;ADT Inc. provides security, interactive, and smart home solutions in the United States. It offers burglar and life safety alarms, smart security cameras, smart home automation systems, and video surveillance systems to detect intrusion; control access; sense movement, smoke, fire, carbon monoxide, leaks, temperature, and other environmental conditions and hazards; and address personal medical emergencies, such as injuries or unanticipated falls. The company also provides routine maintenance and the installation of upgraded or additional equipment; personal emergency response system products and services to sustain independent living; Google Nest doorbell, mesh Wi-Fi, and Google indoor and outdoor cameras; and application for self-setup DIY smart home security products. In addition, it offers Trusted Neighbor, which allows customers to grant access to their homes through the ADT+ app; and automation and smart home solutions, including remotely monitor and manage their environments through customized web portal via web-enabled devices, such as smart phones, smart phone applications, and through touchscreen panels in their homes. The company provides its products under the ADT, ADT Pulse, and ADT+ brand names. It offers its products and services to residential and small business security, and automation markets comprising owners and renters of single-family homes, apartments, and small businesses owners through customer referrals, door-to-door activities, network of field sales and service offices, third-party independent dealers, and authorized dealers. The company was formerly known as Prime Security Services Parent, Inc. and changed its name to ADT Inc. in September 2017. ADT Inc. was founded in 1874 and is headquartered in Boca Raton, Florida.;tech
AEE;Ameren Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a public utility holding company in the United States. The company operates through four segments: Ameren Missouri, Ameren Illinois Electric Distribution, Ameren Illinois Natural Gas, and Ameren Transmission. It engages in the rate-regulated electric generation, transmission, and distribution business; and rate-regulated natural gas distribution business. The company also generates electricity through coal, nuclear, and natural gas, as well as renewable energy, including hydroelectric, wind, methane gas, and solar. It serves residential, commercial, and industrial customers. Ameren Corporation was founded in 1881 and is headquartered in Saint Louis, Missouri.;tech
AEG;Aegon Ltd. provides insurance, pensions, retirement, and asset management services in the Americas, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, and internationally. It offers life, accident, property and casualty, and health insurance; annuities, retirement plans, mutual funds, and stable value solutions; commercial and residential mortgage loans; digital saving services; retail and institutional investment management solutions; and investment vehicles. The company provides its products under the Transamerica and World Financial Group brands. Aegon Ltd. was founded in 1844 and is headquartered in The Hague, the Netherlands.;tech
AEM;Agnico Eagle Mines Limited, a gold mining company, engages in the exploration, development, and production of precious metals. It explores for gold, silver, zinc, and copper. The company's mines are located in Canada, Australia, Finland, and Mexico; and with exploration and development activities in Canada, Australia, Europe, Latin America, and the United States. Agnico Eagle Mines Limited was incorporated in 1953 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.;tech
AEO;American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. operates as a multi-brand specialty retailer in the United States and internationally. The company provides jeans, apparel and accessories, and personal care products for women and men under the American Eagle brand; and intimates, apparel, activewear, and swim collections under the Aerie and OFFLINE by Aerie brands. It also offers menswear products under the Todd Snyder New York brand; and fashion clothing and accessories under the Unsubscribed brand. The company sells its products through its own and licensed retail stores, concession-based shops-within-shops, wholesale markets, and online marketplaces; and digital channels, such as www.ae.com, www.aerie.com, www.toddsnyder.com, and www.unsubscribed.com. American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. was founded in 1977 and is headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.;tech
AER;AerCap Holdings N.V. engages in the lease, financing, sale, and management of commercial flight equipment in the United States, China, and internationally. The company engages in aircraft asset management services, such as remarketing aircraft and engines for lease or sale; collecting rental and supplemental maintenance rent payments, monitoring aircraft maintenance, monitoring and enforcing contract compliance, and accepting delivery and redelivery of aircraft and engines; conducting ongoing lessee financial performance reviews. Its aircraft asset management services also include periodically inspecting the leased aircraft and engines; coordinating technical modifications to aircraft to meet new lessee requirements; conducting restructuring negotiations in connection with lease defaults; repossessing aircraft and engines; arranging and monitoring insurance coverage; registering and de-registering aircraft; arranging for aircraft and engine valuations; and providing market research services. In addition, the company provides cash management services, including treasury services, such as the financing, refinancing, hedging, and ongoing cash management of vehicles; and administrative services comprising accounting, and corporate secretarial services consisting of the preparation of budgets and financial statements. Further, it offers airframe and engine parts and supply chain solutions to airlines; maintenance, repair, and overhaul service providers; and aircraft parts distributors. The company has a portfolio of owned, managed, or on order aircraft, consisting of 3,525 aircraft, engines, and helicopters. AerCap Holdings N.V. was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in Dublin, Ireland.;tech
AESI;Atlas Energy Solutions Inc. engages in the production, processing, and sale of mesh and sand used as a proppant during the well completion process in the Permian Basin of West Texas and New Mexico. The company provides transportation and logistics, storage solutions, and contract labor services. It sells its products and services to oil and natural gas exploration and production companies, hydraulic fracturing services, and oilfield services companies. The company was founded in 2017 and is headquartered in Austin, Texas.;tech
AG;First Majestic Silver Corp. engages in the acquisition, exploration, development, and production of mineral properties in North America. The company explores for silver and gold deposits. Its projects include the San Dimas silver/gold mine covering an area of approximately 71,867 hectares located in Durango State, Mexico; the Santa Elena silver/gold mine that covers an area of approximately 102,244 hectares located in Sonora State, Mexico; and the La Encantada silver mine covering an area of approximately 4,076 hectares located in Coahuila State, Mexico. The company was formerly known as First Majestic Resource Corp. and changed its name to First Majestic Silver Corp. in November 2006. First Majestic Silver Corp. was incorporated in 1979 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.;tech
AGCO;AGCO Corporation manufactures and distributes agricultural equipment and replacement parts worldwide. It offers horsepower tractors for row crop production, soil cultivation, planting, land leveling, seeding, and commercial hay operations; utility tractors for small- and medium-sized farms, as well as for dairy, livestock, orchards, and vineyards; and compact tractors for small farms, specialty agricultural industries, landscaping, equestrian, and residential uses. The company also provides grain storage bins and related drying and handling equipment systems; seed-processing systems; swine and poultry feed storage and delivery; ventilation and watering systems; and egg production systems and broiler production equipment. In addition, it offers round and rectangular balers, loader wagons, self-propelled windrowers, forage harvesters, disc mowers, spreaders, rakes, tedders, and mower conditioners for harvesting and packaging vegetative feeds used in cattle, dairy, horse, and renewable fuel industries. Further, the company provides implements, including disc harrows leveling seed beds and mixing chemicals with the soils; heavy tillage to break up soil and mix crop residue into topsoil; field cultivators that prepare smooth seed bed and destroy weeds; drills for small grain seeding; planters and other planting equipment; and loaders. Additionally, it offers combines for harvesting grain crops, such as corn, wheat, soybeans, and rice; and application equipment, such as self-propelled, three- and four-wheeled vehicles, and related equipment for liquid and dry fertilizers and crop protection chemicals, and for after crops emerge from the ground, as well as produces diesel engines, gears, and generating sets. The company markets its products under the Fendt, Massey Ferguson, PTx, and Valtra brands through a network of independent dealers and distributors. AGCO Corporation was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in Duluth, Georgia.;tech
AGL;agilon health, inc. provides healthcare services for seniors through primary care physicians in the communities of the United States. It offers a platform that manages the total healthcare needs of the patients by subscription-like per-member per-month. The company was formerly known as Agilon Health Topco, Inc. and changed its name to agilon health, inc. in March 2021. The company was founded in 2016 and is based in Westerville, Ohio.;tech
AGM;Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation provides a secondary market for various loans made to borrowers in the United States. It operates through seven segments: Farm & Ranch, Corporate AgFinance, Power & Utilities, Broadband Infrastructure, Renewable Energy, Funding, and Investments. The company is involved in a line of agricultural finance business, including purchasing and retaining eligible loans and securities; guaranteeing the payment of principal and interest on securities that represent interests in, or obligations secured by pools of eligible loans; servicing eligible loans; and issuing long-term standby purchase commitments for designated eligible loans. It also engages in the purchasing and guaranteeing of securities issued by lenders and other financial institutions that are secured by pools of eligible loans, loans for electric or telecommunications facilities by lenders organized as cooperatives to borrowers; and loans to rural electric generation and transmission cooperatives and distribution cooperatives, as well as AgVantage securities secured by those types of loans. Federal Agricultural Mortgage Corporation was incorporated in 1987 and is headquartered in Washington, the District of Columbia.;tech
AGO;Assured Guaranty Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, provides credit protection products to public finance and structured finance markets in the United States and internationally. It operates through two segments, Insurance and Asset Management. The company offers financial guaranty insurance that protects holders of debt instruments and other monetary obligations from defaults in scheduled payments. It also provides specialty insurance and reinsurance on transactions with risk profiles similar to those of its structured finance exposures written in financial guaranty form, as well as offers credit protection through reinsurance. In addition, the company insures and reinsures various the U.S. public finance obligations, such as general obligation, tax-backed, municipal utility, transportation, healthcare, higher education, infrastructure, housing revenue, investor-owned utility, renewable energy, and other public finance bonds. Further, the company involved in insuring and reinsuring of non-U.S. public finance obligations comprising regulated utilities, infrastructure finance, sovereign and sub-sovereign, renewable energy bonds, and pooled infrastructure obligations; and the U.S. and non-U.S. structured finance obligations, including residential mortgage-backed securities, life insurance transactions, consumer receivables securities, subscription finance facilities, pooled corporate obligations, and financial products. Additionally, it offers specialty business, such as diversified real estate, insurance securitizations, pooled corporate obligations, and aircraft residual value insurance (RVI) transactions; and asset management services comprising investment advisory services. It markets its financial guaranty insurance directly to issuers and underwriters of public finance and structured finance securities, as well as to investors. Assured Guaranty Ltd. was incorporated in 2003 and is headquartered in Hamilton, Bermuda.;tech
AGRO;Adecoagro S.A., engages in agricultural and agro-industrial activities in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, and Uruguay. The company operates through two segments, Farming; and Sugar, Ethanol, and Energy. The company is involved in the production of a range of agricultural commodities, including soybean, corn, wheat, peanut, sunflower, cotton, and others; planting, harvesting, processing, and marketing of white, brown, and rough rice; genetic development of seeds; and production of dairy products, such as raw milk, ultra-high temperature milk, UP milk, powdered milk, semi-hard cheese, cream, cream and cocoa flavored milk, chocolate and fluid milk, and other dairy products. It also generates electricity through burning biogas extracted from effluents produced by its dairy cattle; and provides grain warehousing and conditioning, and handling and drying services. In addition, the company cultivates and harvests sugarcane to produce sugar, ethanol, biomethane, and electricity; and sells carbon credits. Further, it engages in land transformation activities, such as the acquisition of farmlands or businesses with underdeveloped or underutilized agricultural land; and the implementation of production technology and agricultural practices. The company was founded in 2002 and is based in Luxembourg, Luxembourg. As of May 1, 2025, Adecoagro S.A. operates as a subsidiary of Tether Investments, S.A. De C.V.;tech
AGX;Argan, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides engineering, procurement, construction, commissioning, maintenance, project development, and technical consulting services to the power generation market in the United States, Republic of Ireland, and the United Kingdom. Its Power Industry Services segment offers engineering, procurement, and construction, as well as designing, building, and commissioning of large-scale energy projects to the owners of alternative energy facilities, such as biomass plants, wind farms, battery storage, and solar fields; and design, construction, project management, start-up, and operation, as well as technical consulting services. This segment serves independent power project owners, public utilities, power plant heavy equipment suppliers, and other commercial firms. The company's Industrial Construction Services segment provides field services that support new plant construction and additions; maintenance turnarounds; shutdowns and emergency mobilizations for industrial plants; and delivery and installation of steel components, such as piping systems and pressure vessels. Its Telecommunications Infrastructure Services segment offers trenchless directional boring and excavation for underground communication and power networks; aerial cabling; high and low voltage electric lines; and private area outdoor lighting systems, as well as installs buried cable. It also provides structured cabling, terminations, and connectivity that offers the physical transport for high-speed data, voice, video, and security networks. This segment serves electricity cooperative, state and local government agencies, counties and municipalities, and technology-oriented government contracting firms, as well as federal government customers in the mid-Atlantic region of the United States. Argan, Inc. was incorporated in 1961 and is headquartered in Arlington, Virginia.;tech
AHH;Armada Hoffler (NYSE: AHH) is a vertically integrated, self-managed real estate investment trust with over four decades of experience developing, building, acquiring, and managing high-quality retail, office, and multifamily properties located primarily in the Mid-Atlantic and Southeastern United States. The Company also provides general construction and development services to third-party clients, in addition to developing and building properties to be placed in their stabilized portfolio. Founded in 1979 by Daniel A. Hoffler, Armada Hoffler has elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes.;tech
AHR;American Healthcare REIT, Inc., a Maryland corporation, is a self-managed real estate investment trust, or REIT, that acquires, owns and operates a diversified portfolio of clinical healthcare real estate properties, focusing primarily on senior housing, skilled nursing facilities, or SNFs, outpatient medical, or OM, buildings and other healthcare-related facilities. They have built a fully-integrated management platform that operates clinical healthcare properties throughout the United States, and in the United Kingdom and the Isle of Man. They own and operate our integrated senior health campuses and senior housing operating properties, or SHOP, utilizing the structure permitted by the REIT Investment Diversification and Empowerment Act of 2007, which is commonly referred to as a RIDEA structure. We have also originated and acquired secured loans and may acquire other real estate-related investments in the future on an infrequent and opportunistic basis. They generally seek investments that produce current income; however, they have selectively developed, and may continue to selectively develop, healthcare real estate properties. They have elected to be taxed as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. They believe that we have been organized and operated, and they intend to continue to operate, in conformity with the requirements for qualification and taxation as a REIT under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or the Code.;tech
AHT;Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, is a REIT. While our portfolio currently consists of upscale hotels and upper upscale full-service hotels, our investment strategy is predominantly focused on investing in upper upscale full-service hotels in the United States that have revenue per available room (RevPAR) generally less than twice the U.S. national average, and in all methods including direct real estate, equity, and debt. We currently anticipate future investments will predominantly be in upper upscale hotels. We own our lodging investments and conduct our business through Ashford Hospitality Limited Partnership (Ashford Trust OP), our operating partnership. Ashford OP General Partner LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Ashford Trust, serves as the sole general partner of our operating partnership.;tech
AI;C3.ai, Inc. operates as an enterprise artificial intelligence application software company. The company provides C3 agentic AI platform, an application development and runtime environment that enables customers to design, develop, and deploy enterprise AI applications; C3 AI CRM Suite, a customer relationship management solution; C3 Generative AI that enables to locate, retrieve, present information, disparate data stores, applications, and enterprise information systems; C3 AI Health Suite to accelerate healthcare innovation and streamline drug development; and C3 AI Financial Services Suite. Its C3 AI Applications include C3 AI Asset Performance suite, which consists of C3 AI Reliability, C3 AI Process Optimization, and C3 AI Energy Management applications that drives enterprise asset performance, reduces downtime, and improves process efficiency. The company's C3 AI Supply Chain Suite comprises C3 AI Supply Network Risk, C3 AI Inventory Optimization, C3 AI Demand Forecasting, C3 AI Production Schedule Optimization, and C3 AI Sourcing Optimization solutions; C3 AI Sustainability Suite includes C3 AI ESG and C3 AI Energy Management applications to decrease greenhouse gas and GHG, emissions; and C3 AI Defense & Intelligence Suite. It provides C3 AI State and Local Government Suite that includes various applications, such as C3 Law Enforcement for state, county, and municipal law enforcement agencies; C3 AI Residential Property Appraisal and C3 AI Commercial Property Appraisal for county property assessors and appraisers; and C3 Generative AI for Government Programs and C3 Generative AI for Constituent Services for federal, state, and local governments. It has strategic partnerships with Microsoft Azure, AWS, Google Cloud, McKinsey & Company, Baker Hughes, Booz Allen, and others. The company has a strategic alliance with SMX Group, LLC for the development of mission critical AI in the secure environments. The company was formerly known as C3 IoT, Inc. and changed its name to C3.ai, Inc. in June 2019. C3.ai, Inc. was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in Redwood City, California.;tech
AIG;American International Group, Inc. offers insurance products for commercial, institutional, and individual customers in North America and internationally. It operates through three segments: North America Commercial; International Commercial; and Global Personal. The company provides commercial and industrial property insurance, including business interruption and package insurance that cover exposure to made and natural disasters; general liability, environmental, commercial automobile liability, workers' compensation, excess casualty, and crisis management insurance products; and professional liability insurance. It also offers marine, energy-related property insurance, aviation, political risk, trade credit, trade finance, and portfolio solutions; voluntary and sponsor-paid personal accident, and supplemental health products; and personal auto and homeowners, extended warranty, device protection insurance, home warranty and related services, and insurance for high net-worth individuals. Further, the company provides mortgage and other loans receivable includes commercial mortgages, life insurance policy loans, and commercial loans, The company was founded in 1919 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
AIN;Albany International Corp., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the machine clothing and engineered composites businesses. It operates through two segments: Machine Clothing (MC) and Albany Engineered Composites (AEC). The MC segment designs, manufactures, and markets paper machine clothing for use in the manufacturing of papers, paperboards, tissues, towels, pulps, nonwovens, building products, tannery, and textiles, as well as nonwovens, fiber cement, and several other industrial applications. This segment offers paper machine clothing forming, pressing, and drying fabrics, as well as processing belts; and engineered fabrics. Its AEC segment 3D-woven and injected composite components for aircraft engines composite airframe and engine components for military and commercial aircraft. It also operates in the United States, Switzerland, France, Brazil, China, Mexico, Germany, and internationally. Albany International Corp. was incorporated in 1895 and is headquartered in Rochester, New Hampshire.;tech
AIR;AAR Corp. provides products and services to commercial aviation, government, and defense markets in North America, Europe, Africa, Asia, and internationally. It operates through four segments: Parts Supply, Repair & Engineering, Integrated Solutions, and Expeditionary Services. The company leases and sells aircraft components and replacement parts; and designs, manufactures, and repairs transportation pallets. The company also provides airframe maintenance services, such as airframe inspection, painting services, line maintenance, airframe modifications, structural repairs, avionics service and installation, exterior, and interior refurbishment services; component repair services, including maintenance, repair, and overhaul services, engine and airframe accessories, and interior refurbishment; and engineering services, such as integration, certification and procurement. In addition, it develops aircraft components and parts; designs proprietary designated engineering representative repairs; and provides integrated software solutions comprising Trax, a cloud-based electronic enterprise resource platform, as well as a suite of paperless mobility apps for automating workflows. Further, the company engages in the fleet management and operation of customer-owned aircraft; provision of supply chain logistics services, such as material planning, sourcing, logistics, information and program management, and parts and component repair and overhaul services, as well as engineering, design, and system integration services for specialized command and control systems; and flight hour component inventory and repair services. Additionally, it offers containers and shelters for military and humanitarian tactical deployment activities; and shelters, such as stationary and vehicle-mounted applications. AAR Corp. was founded in 1951 and is headquartered in Wood Dale, Illinois.;tech
AIT;Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. distributes industrial motion, power, control, and automation technology solutions in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, and Costa Rica. It operates in two segments, Service Center and Engineered Solutions. The Service Center segment distributes industrial bearings, power transmission, fluid power components and systems, specialty flow control, and advanced factory automation solutions, as well as general maintenance products; and motors, belting, drives, couplings, pumps, linear motion, hydraulic and pneumatic components, filtration supplies, hoses, and other related supplies. It also installs, modifies, and repairs conveyor belts and rubber linings, as well as hose assemblies. The Engineered Solutions segment is involved in distributing, engineering, designing, integrating, and repairing hydraulic and pneumatic fluid power technologies, engineered flow control products and services, and automation technologies; and provision of fluid power and industrial flow control products. Its fluid power products and solutions are used in off-highway mobile equipment, stationary industrial equipment and machines, marine and offshore equipment, factory automation, food processing equipment, packaging operations, and downstream energy process systems. This segment also offers pumps, valves, fittings, hoses, process instrumentation, actuators, and filtration supplies; and advanced automation technologies for the design, engineering, assembly, integration, and distribution of machine vision, collaborative robots, mobile robots, radio-frequency identification, industrial networking, motion control, and machine learning technologies for OEMs, machine builders, integrators, and other industrial and technology sectors. The company was formerly known as Bearings, Inc. and changed its to name to Applied Industrial Technologies, Inc. in 1997. The company was founded in 1923 and is headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio.;tech
AIV;Aimco is a diversified real estate company primarily focused on value add and opportunistic investments, targeting the U.S. multifamily sector. Aimco's mission is to make real estate investments where outcomes are enhanced through our human capital so that substantial value is created for investors, teammates, and the communities in which we operate. Aimco is traded on the New York Stock Exchange as AIV.;tech
AIZ;Assurant, Inc. provides protection services to connected devices, homes, and automobiles in North America, Latin America, Europe, and the Asia Pacific. It operates in two segments, Global Lifestyle and Global Housing. The Global Lifestyle segment offers mobile device solutions, and extended service contracts and related services for consumer electronics and appliances, and financial services and other insurance products; and vehicle protection, commercial equipment, and other related services. The Global Housing segment provides lender-placed homeowners, manufactured housing, and flood insurance; renters insurance and related products; and voluntary manufactured housing, and condominium and homeowners insurance products. The company was formerly known as Fortis, Inc. and changed its name to Assurant, Inc. in February 2004. Assurant, Inc. was founded in 1892 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
AJG;Arthur J. Gallagher & Co., together with its subsidiaries, provides insurance and reinsurance brokerage, consulting, and third-party property/casualty claims settlement and administration services to entities and individuals worldwide. It operates in Brokerage and Risk Management segments. The Brokerage segment offers retail and wholesale insurance and reinsurance brokerage services; assists retail brokers and other non-affiliated brokers in the placement of specialized and hard-to-place insurance; and acts as a brokerage wholesaler, managing general agent, and managing general underwriter for distributing specialized insurance coverages to underwriting enterprises. This segment performs activities, including marketing, underwriting, issuing policies, collecting premiums, appointing and supervising other agents, paying claims, and negotiating reinsurance; and offers services in the areas of insurance and reinsurance placement, risk of loss management, and management of employer sponsored benefit programs. The Risk Management segment provides contract claim settlement and administration services; and claims management, loss control consulting, and insurance property appraisal services. The company offers its services through a network of correspondent brokers and consultants. It serves commercial, industrial, public, religious, and nonprofit entities, as well as underwriting enterprises. The company was founded in 1927 and is headquartered in Rolling Meadows, Illinois.;tech
AKA;a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. operates a portfolio of online fashion brands in the United States, Australia, New Zealand, and internationally. The company offers streetwear apparel, dresses, tops, footwear, headwear, wardrobe staples, and accessories through its online stores under the Princess Polly, Petal & Pup, Culture Kings, and mnml brands. It also operates physical stores. The company was founded in 2018 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California. a.k.a. Brands Holding Corp. is a subsidiary of New Excelerate, L.P.;tech
AKR;Acadia Realty Trust is an equity real estate investment trust focused on delivering long-term, profitable growth. Acadia owns and operates a high-quality core real estate portfolio (Core or Core Portfolio) of street and open-air retail properties in the nation's most dynamic retail corridors, along with an investment management platform that targets opportunistic and value-add investments through its institutional co-investment vehicles (Investment Management).;tech
AL;Air Lease Corporation, an aircraft leasing company, engages in the purchase and leasing of commercial jet aircraft to airlines in the Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Mexico, Central America, South America, the United States, and Canada. It also sells aircraft to third parties, including other leasing companies, financial services companies, airlines, and other investors. In addition, the company provides fleet management services to investors and owners of aircraft portfolios. As of June 30, 2025, it owned 495 aircraft; managed 53 aircraft; and 241 aircraft on order with aircraft manufacturers. Air Lease Corporation was incorporated in 2010 and is headquartered in Los Angeles, California.;tech
ALB;Albemarle Corporation provides energy storage solutions worldwide. It operates through three segments: Energy Storage, Specialties, and Ketjen. The Energy Storage segment offers lithium compounds, including lithium carbonate, lithium hydroxide, and lithium chloride for use in lithium batteries used in consumer electronics and electric vehicles, power grids and solar panels, high performance greases, specialty glass used in consumer appliances and electronics, organic synthesis processes in the areas of steroid chemistry and vitamins, and various life science applications, as well as intermediates in the pharmaceutical industry; technical services, including handling and use of reactive lithium products; and recycling services for lithium-containing by-products. The Specialties segment provides bromine and highly specialized lithium solutions for various industries, such as energy, mobility, connectivity, and health comprising fire safety compounds; bromine-based specialty chemicals products, including elemental bromine, alkyl bromides, inorganic bromides, brominated powdered activated carbon, and various bromine fine chemicals; lithium specialties, such as butyllithium and lithium aluminum hydride; cesium products for the chemical and pharmaceutical industries; and zirconium, barium, and titanium products for pyrotechnical applications that include airbag initiators. The Ketjen segment offers clean fuels technologies, including hydroprocessing catalysts together with isomerization and akylation catalysts; fluidized catalytic cracking catalysts and additives; and performance catalyst solutions comprising organometallics and curatives. It serves grid storage, automotive, aerospace, conventional energy, electronics, construction, agriculture and food, pharmaceuticals and medical device industries. Albemarle Corporation was founded in 1887 and is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina.;tech
ALC;Alcon Inc. researches, develops, manufactures, distributes, and sells eye care products worldwide. It operates through two segments, Surgical and Vision Care. The company offers equipment, instrumentation and diagnostics, intraocular lenses (IOLs), and other implantables; and consumables, including viscoelastics, surgical solutions, incisional instruments, surgical custom packs, and other products for surgical procedures. Its cataract products include Centurion vision system, LenSx laser system, Verion reference unit and Verion digital marker, ARGOS biometer, SMARTCATARACT health platform, NGENUITY 3D visualization system, LuxOR surgical ophthalmic microscope, and ORA system for intra-operative measurements; and implantable products, including monofocal, Toric, and Presbyopia-Correcting IOLs, as well as delivery systems, such as AutonoMe and UltraSert. In addition, it provides Custom Pak surgical procedure packs vitreoretinal products comprising constellation vision systems, procedure packs, lasers and hand-held microsurgical instruments, grieshaber, MIVS instruments, scissors, forceps and micro-instruments, medical grade vitreous tamponades, and Hypervit vitrectomy probes; and refractive surgery products, including WaveLight and Contoura Vision used for LASIK refractive procedure. Further, the company offers daily disposable, reusable, and color-enhancing contact lenses; ocular health products, such as dry eye, ocular allergies, glaucoma, and contact lens care, as well as ocular vitamins and redness relievers. The company was formerly known as Alcon Universal S.A. and changed its name to Alcon Inc. in December 2001. Alcon Inc. was founded in 1945 and is headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland.;tech
ALE;ALLETE, Inc. operates as an energy company. The company operates in two segments, Regulated Operations and ALLETE Clean Energy. It generates electricity from coal-fired, biomass co-fired/natural gas, hydro, wind, and solar. The company also provides regulated utility electric services in northeastern Minnesota to approximately 150,000 retail customers and 14 non-affiliated municipal customers in Minnesota; and regulated utility electric, natural gas, and water services in northwestern Wisconsin to approximately 15,000 electric customers, 13,000 natural gas customers, and 10,000 water customers. In addition, it owns and maintains electric transmission assets in Wisconsin, Michigan, Minnesota, and Illinois. Further, the company focuses on acquiring, developing, and operating clean and renewable energy projects; and owns, develops, and operates approximately 1,600 megawatts of wind energy generation facility, as well as involved in the coal mining operations in North Dakota and real estate investment activities in Florida. It owns and operates 154 substations with a total capacity of 10,647 megavolt-amperes. The company serves taconite mining, paper, pulp and secondary wood products, pipeline, and other industries. The company was formerly known as Minnesota Power, Inc. and changed its name to ALLETE, Inc. in May 2001. ALLETE, Inc. was incorporated in 1906 and is headquartered in Duluth, Minnesota.;tech
ALEX;Alexander & Baldwin, Inc. (NYSE: ALEX) (A&B) is the only publicly-traded real estate investment trust to focus exclusively on Hawai'i commercial real estate and is the state's largest owner of grocery-anchored, neighborhood shopping centers. A&B owns, operates and manages approximately four million square feet of commercial space in Hawai'i, including 21 retail centers, 14 industrial assets, four office properties, and 146 acres of ground lease assets. Over its 155-year history, A&B has evolved with the state's economy and played a leadership role in the development of the agricultural, transportation, tourism, construction, residential and commercial real estate industries.;tech
ALG;Alamo Group Inc. designs, manufactures, and services vegetation management and infrastructure maintenance equipment for governmental, industrial, and agricultural uses worldwide. It operates through two segments, Vegetation Management and Industrial Equipment. The company offers rotary, finishing, flail, disc mowers, remote control, industrial grass, commercial and high end residential zero turn, mechanical boom, quick-attach boom, off-road chassis mounted, and reach mowers; rock removal, landscape and vegetation maintenance equipment, agricultural equipment, street sweepers, solid waste and recycling, and commercial tree care and forestry attachments equipment; and boom-mounted hedge and grass, hedgerow, agricultural seedbed preparation cultivators, rotary, and brush cutters. It also provides front-end loaders, backhoes, rotary tillers, posthole diggers, scraper blades, snow blowers, hydraulic, tractor attachments, cutting blades, tree chippers, stump grinders, mulchers, flails and debarkers, tractor- and truck-mounted mowing, and sugar cane trailers; and engineered underground construction forms. In addition, the company offers hydraulic telescoping booms, catch basin cleaners, roadway debris vacuum systems, sewer cleaners, hydro excavators, truck chassis, vacuum trucks, cleaning systems and trenchers, truck mounted, snow plows and blowers, dump bodies and spreaders, snow throwers, brooms, deicers, brine sprayers, wing systems, spreader bodies, hitches and attachments, loaders and graders, salt spreaders and truck bodies, municipal tractors and attachments, asphalt maintenance patchers, truck-mounted air vacuum, mechanical and replacement brooms, regenerative air sweepers, leaf and debris collection equipment, parking lot sweepers, truck mounted highway crash attenuator trucks, and cone safety and traffic control trucks. The company was founded in 1955 and is headquartered in Seguin, Texas.;tech
ALIT;Alight, Inc. a technology-enabled services company worldwide. The company provides Alight Worklife, an intuitive, cloud-based employee engagement platform. Its platform services include integrated benefits administration, healthcare navigation, financial wellbeing, leave of absence management, and retiree healthcare; and operates AI-led capabilities software. In addition, it offers a full-service customer care center helping them manage the full life cycle of their health, wealth, and wellbeing. Alight, Inc. was founded in 2020 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
ALK;Alaska Air Group, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates airlines. It operates through three segments: Alaska Airlines, Hawaiian Airlines, and Regional. The company offers scheduled air transportation services on Boeing jet aircraft for passengers and cargo in the United States, and in parts of Canada, Mexico, Costa Rica, Belize, Guatemala, and the Bahamas; and for passengers across a shorter distance network within the United States, Canada, and Mexico. Alaska Air Group, Inc. was founded in 1932 and is based in Seattle, Washington.;tech
ALL;The Allstate Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides property and casualty, and other insurance products in the United States and Canada. It operates in five segments: Allstate Protection; Run-off Property-Liability; Protection Services; Allstate Health and Benefits; and Corporate and Other. The company offers private passenger auto, homeowners, personal lines, and commercial insurance products through agents, contact centers, and online; and property and casualty insurance products. It also provides consumer product protection plans, device and mobile data collection services, and analytic solutions using automotive telematics information, roadside assistance, and protection plans; and insurance products, such as identity protection and restoration through Allstate Protection Plans, Allstate Dealer Services, Allstate Roadside, Arity, and Allstate Identity Protection brands. In addition, the company offers life, accident, critical illness, hospital indemnity, short-term disability, and other health insurance products; self-funded stop-loss and fully insured group health products to employers; medicare supplement, ancillary products, and short-term medical insurance to individuals through independent agents, owned agencies, benefits brokers, and Allstate exclusive agents. Further, it offers automotive protection; vehicle service contracts, guaranteed asset protection, road hazard tires and wheels, and paintless dent repair protection; and roadside assistance, mobility data collection services, and analytic solutions using automotive telematics information, identity theft protection, and remediation services. The Allstate Corporation was founded in 1931 and is headquartered in Northbrook, Illinois.;tech
ALLE;Allegion plc engages in the provision of security products and solutions worldwide. The company offers door controls, door control system, and exit devices; doors, glass and door systems, and accessories; electronic security products and access control systems, including time, attendance, and workforce productivity; and locks, locksets, portable locks, and key systems. It also provides services and software, such as inspection, maintenance, and repair services for its automatic entrance solutions; software as a service, including access control, platform integration, and workforce management solutions; and ongoing aftermarket services, design and installation offerings, and locksmith offerings. In addition, the company sells its products and solutions to end-users in commercial, institutional, and residential facilities, including education, healthcare, government, hospitality, retail, commercial office, and single and multi-family residential markets under the CISA, Interflex, LCN, Schlage, SimonsVoss, and Von Duprin brands. It sells its products and solutions through distribution and retail channels, such as specialty distribution, e-commerce, and wholesalers, as well as through various retail channels comprising do-it-yourself home improvement centers, online and e-commerce platforms, and small specialty showroom outlets. The company was incorporated in 2013 and is based in Dublin, Ireland.;tech
ALLY;Ally Financial Inc., a digital financial-services company, provides various digital financial products and services in the United States, Canada, and Bermuda. The company operates through Automotive Finance Operations, Insurance Operations, Corporate Finance Operations, and Corporate and Other segments. It offers automotive financing services, including providing retail installment sales contracts, loans and operating leases, term loans to dealers, financing dealer floorplans and other lines of credit to dealers, warehouse lines to automotive retailers, and fleet financing to consumers, automotive dealers and retailers, companies, and municipalities; and financing services to companies and municipalities for the purchase or lease of vehicles, and vehicle-remarketing services. The company also provides consumer finance protection and insurance products through the automotive dealer channel, and commercial insurance products directly to dealers; VSCs, VMCs, and GAP products; and underwrite select commercial insurance coverages, which primarily insure dealers' vehicle inventory. In addition, it provides senior secured asset-based and leveraged cash flow loans to middle-market companies; leveraged loans; commercial real estate product to serve companies in the nursing facilities, senior housing, and medical office buildings; and treasury activities, such as management of the cash and corporate investment securities and loan portfolios, short- and long-term debt, retail and brokered deposit liabilities, derivative instruments, original issue discount, and equity investments. Further, the company offers commercial banking products and services; and securities brokerage and investment advisory services. The company was formerly known as GMAC Inc. and changed its name to Ally Financial Inc. in May 2010. Ally Financial Inc. was founded in 1919 and is based in Detroit, Michigan.;tech
ALSN;Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and sells fully automatic transmissions for medium- and heavy-duty commercial vehicles and medium- and heavy-tactical U.S. defense vehicles, and electrified propulsion systems worldwide. The company offers transmissions for various applications, including distribution, refuse, construction, fire, and emergency on-highway trucks; school and transit buses; motor homes; energy, mining, and construction off-highway vehicles and equipment; and wheeled and tracked defense vehicles. It provides its transmissions and electric propulsion solutions under the Allison Transmission brand name; and remanufactured transmissions under the ReTran brand name. The company also sells branded replacement parts, support equipment, aluminum die cast components, and other products necessary to service the installed base of vehicles utilizing its solutions, as well as defense kits, engineering services, and extended transmission coverage services to various original equipment manufacturers, distributors, and the U.S. government. The company was formerly known as Clutch Holdings, Inc. Allison Transmission Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1915 and is headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana.;tech
ALTG;Alta Equipment Group Inc. owns and operates integrated equipment dealership platforms in the United States and Canada. It operates through three segments: Material Handling, Construction Equipment, and Master Distribution. The company sells, rents, and provides parts and service support for various categories of specialized equipment, including lift trucks and other material handling equipment, heavy and compact earthmoving equipment, crushing and screening equipment, environmental processing equipment, cranes and aerial work platforms, paving and asphalt equipment, and other construction equipment and related products. It also sells used equipment and replacement parts. In addition, the company offers repair and maintenance services for its equipment. In addition, the company designs and builds warehouses; provides automated equipment installation and system integration solutions; and distributes heavy construction and environmental processing equipment. It serves various manufacturing, food and beverage, automotive, municipal/government, education, pharmaceutical and medical, wholesale and retail distribution, construction, agriculture, road building, mining, recycling, and waste management sectors. Alta Equipment Group Inc. was founded in 1984 and is headquartered in Livonia, Michigan.;tech
ALUR;Allurion Technologies Inc. focuses on ending obesity with a weight loss platform to treat people who are overweight. Its platform offers the Allurion Program, a swallowable and procedure-less intragastric balloon for weight loss, as well as provides access to artificial intelligence-powered remote patient monitoring tools, a proprietary behavior change program, secure messaging, and video telehealth that are delivered by the Allurion Virtual Care Suite. The company operates in Spain, France, Turkey, and internationally. Allurion Technologies Inc. is headquartered in Natick, Massachusetts.;tech
ALV;Autoliv, Inc., through its subsidiaries, develops, manufactures, and supplies passive safety systems to the automotive industry in Europe, the Americas, China, Japan, and rest of Asia. The company offers passive safety systems, including modules and components for frontal-impact airbag protection systems, side-impact airbag protection systems, pedestrian protection systems, steering wheels, inflator technologies, battery cut-off switches, and seatbelts. It also provides also provides mobility safety solutions, such as pedestrian protection, battery cut-off switches, connected safety services, and safety solutions for riders of powered two-wheelers. The company primarily serves car manufacturers. Autoliv, Inc. was founded in 1953 and is based in Stockholm, Sweden.;tech
ALX;Alexander's, Inc. is a real estate investment trust (REIT) engaged in leasing, managing, developing and redeveloping properties. Alexander's activities are conducted through its manager, Vornado Realty Trust. Alexander's has five properties in the greater New York City metropolitan area consisting of: 731 Lexington Avenue office and retail (including Bloomberg, L.P.'s world headquarters), the Rego Center complex in Rego Park, Queens, including the Rego Park I & II retail properties and The Alexander apartment tower, and a retail property located in Flushing, NY.;tech
AM;Antero Midstream Corporation owns, operates, and develops midstream energy assets in the Appalachian Basin. It operates in two segments, Gathering and Processing, and Water Handling. The Gathering and Processing segment includes a network of gathering pipelines, compressor stations, and processing and fractionation plants that collects and processes natural gas and NGLs from Antero Resources' wells in West Virginia and Ohio. The Water Handling segment delivers water from sources, including the Ohio River, local reservoirs, and various regional waterways; uses water handling systems to transport flowback and produced water; and offers pumping stations, water storage, and blending facilities. The company was founded in 2002 and is headquartered in Denver, Colorado.;tech
AMBP;Ardagh Metal Packaging S.A., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a metal beverage can company in Europe, the United States, and Brazil. The company offers products for use in various end-use categories, such as beer, carbonated soft drinks, energy drinks, sparkling waters, hard seltzers, juices, pre-mixed cocktails, tea, and wine. It serves beverage producers. The company was founded in 1932 and is based in Luxembourg, Luxembourg. Ardagh Metal Packaging S.A. is a subsidiary of Ardagh Group S.A.;tech
AMBQ;Ambiq Micro, Inc. develops ultra-low-power integrated circuits for power-sensitive applications. It develops subthreshold power-optimized technology based on ultra-low-power real-time clock and microcontroller products for application in wearables, smart cards, wireless sensors, and Internet-of-Things (IoT) products. The company's flagship products include Apollo, a system on a chip for edge AI devices with host processors capable of software-based AI computations and Atomiq, targeting AI applications to provide AI acceleration along with new memory innovations. The company also offers technical support services. The company offers its products through internal direct sales force and through a network of distributors and sales representatives. Ambiq Micro, Inc. was formerly known as Cubiq Microchip, Inc. and changed its name to Ambiq Micro, Inc. in October 2012. The company was incorporated in 2010 and is based in Austin, Texas.;tech
AMC;AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc., through its subsidiaries, engages in the theatrical exhibition business in the United States and Europe. It owns, operates, or has interests in theatres. The company was founded in 1920 and is headquartered in Leawood, Kansas.;tech
AMCR;Amcor plc, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the production and sale of packaging products in Europe, North America, Latin America, and the Asia Pacific. The company operates in two segments, Global Flexible Packaging Solutions and Global Rigid Packaging Solutions. The Global Flexible Packaging Solutions segment develops and supplies flexible packaging products, including polymer resin, aluminum, and fiber based flexible packaging products to the food and beverage, medical and pharmaceutical, fresh produce, snack food, personal care, and other industries. The Global Rigid Packaging Solutions segment manufactures rigid packaging containers, closures, dispensing and pharma devices, and related products for the food and beverage applications. The company sells its products through its direct sales force. The company was incorporated in 1926 and is headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland.;tech
AME;AMETEK, Inc. manufactures and sells electronic instruments (EIG) and electromechanical (EMG) devices in the United States and internationally. The company's EIG segment offers advanced instruments for the process, aerospace, power, and industrial markets; process and analytical instruments for the oil and gas, petrochemical, pharmaceutical, semiconductor, automation, and food and beverage industries; instruments to the laboratory equipment, ultra-precision manufacturing, medical, and test and measurement markets; power quality monitoring and c devices, uninterruptible power supplies, programmable power and electromagnetic compatibility test equipment, and gas turbines sensors; dashboard instruments for heavy trucks and other vehicles; instrumentation and controls for the food and beverage industries; and aircraft and engine sensors, power supplies, embedded computing, monitoring, fuel and fluid measurement, and data acquisition systems for aerospace and defense industry. Its EMG segment offers engineered medical components and devices, automation solutions, thermal management systems, specialty metals, and electrical interconnects; single-use and consumable surgical instruments, implantable components, and drug delivery systems; engineered electrical connectors and electronics packaging to protect sensitive electronic devices; precision motion control products for data storage, medical devices, business equipment, and automation; high-purity powdered metals, strips and foils, specialty clad metals, and metal matrix composites; motor-blower systems and heat exchangers for thermal management, military and commercial aircraft, and military ground vehicles; and motors for commercial appliances, food and beverage machines, hydraulic pumps, and industrial blowers, as well as operates a network of aviation maintenance, repair, and overhaul facilities. AMETEK, Inc. was incorporated in 1930 and is headquartered in Berwyn, Pennsylvania.;tech
AMG;Affiliated Managers Group, Inc., through its affiliates, operates as an investment management company providing investment management services to mutual funds, institutional clients,retails and high net worth individuals in the United States. It provides advisory or sub-advisory services to mutual funds. These funds are distributed to retail, high net worth and institutional clients directly and through intermediaries, including independent investment advisors, retirement plan sponsors, broker-dealers, major fund marketplaces, and bank trust departments. The company also offers investment products in various investment styles in the institutional distribution channel, including small, small/mid, mid, and large capitalization value and growth equity, and emerging markets. In addition, it offers quantitative, alternative, and fixed income products, and manages assets for foundations and endowments, defined benefit, and defined contribution plans for corporations and municipalities. Affiliated Managers Group provides investment management or customized investment counseling and fiduciary services. Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. was formed in 1993 and is based in West Palm Beach, Florida with additional offices in Prides Crossing, Massachusetts; Stamford, Connecticut; London, United Kingdom; Dubai, United Arab Emirates; Sydney, Australia; Hong Kong; Tokyo, Japan, Zurich, Switzerland and Delaware.;tech
AMH;AMH (NYSE: AMH) is a leading large-scale integrated owner, operator, and developer of single-family rental homes. We're an internally managed Maryland real estate investment trust (REIT) focused on acquiring, developing, renovating, leasing and managing homes as rental properties. In recent years, we've been named a 2025 Great Place to Work, a 2025 Top U.S. Homebuilder by Builder100, and one of the 2025 Most Trustworthy Companies in America by Newsweek and Statista Inc. As of June 30, 2025, we owned over 61,000 single-family properties in the Southeast, Midwest, Southwest and Mountain West regions of the United States.;tech
AMN;AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. provides technology-enabled healthcare workforce solutions and staffing services to acute and sub-acute care hospitals, and other healthcare facilities in the United States. It operates through three segments: Nurse and Allied Solutions, Physician and Leadership Solutions, and Technology and Workforce Solutions. The Nurse and Allied Solutions segment offers travel nurse staffing, labor disruption staffing, local staffing, international nurse permanent placement, allied staffing, crisis nurse staffing for critical staffing and rapid response nursing, and allied health professionals, such as skilled nursing facilities, rehabilitation clinics, schools, and pharmacies. This segment also provides allied health professionals, such as physical therapists, respiratory therapists, occupational therapists, medical and radiology technologists, lab technicians, speech pathologists, rehabilitation assistants, and pharmacists; and solutions for schools, including teletherapy platform, Televate, and qualified school speech-language pathologists, psychologists, nurses, social workers, and other care providers. The Physician and Leadership Solutions segment offers locum tenens staffing, healthcare interim leadership staffing, executive search, and physician permanent placement solutions. The Technology and Workforce Solutions segment offers language services, vendor management systems, workforce optimization, and outsourced solutions. The company offers its services under the brands, including AMN Healthcare, Nursefinders, O'Grady Peyton International, Connetics, Medical Search International, DRW Healthcare Staffing, and B.E. Smith. AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. was founded in 1985 and is based in Dallas, Texas.;tech
AMP;Ameriprise Financial, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a diversified financial services company in the United States and internationally. The company offers financial planning and advice services to individual and institutional clients. It operates through Advice & Wealth Management, Asset Management, and Retirement & Protection Solutions segments. The Advice & Wealth Management segment provides financial planning and advice; brokerage products and services for retail and institutional clients; discretionary and non-discretionary investment advisory accounts; mutual funds; insurance and annuities products; cash management and banking products; and face-amount certificates. The Asset Management segment offers investment management, advice, and products to retail, high net worth, and institutional clients through third-party financial institutions, advisor networks, direct retail, and its institutional sales force under the Columbia Threadneedle Investments brand name. Its products include U.S. mutual funds and their non-U.S. equivalents, exchange-traded funds, variable product funds underlying insurance, and annuity separate accounts; and institutional asset management products, such as traditional asset classes, separately managed accounts, individually managed accounts, collateralized loan obligations, hedge funds, collective funds, and property and infrastructure funds. The Retirement & Protection Solutions segment provides variable annuity products, as well as life and disability income insurance products to retail clients. The company was formerly known as American Express Financial Corporation and changed its name to Ameriprise Financial, Inc. in September 2005. Ameriprise Financial, Inc. was founded in 1894 and is based in Minneapolis, Minnesota.;tech
AMPX;Amprius Technologies, Inc. develops, manufactures, and markets lithium-ion batteries for mobility applications. The company offers silicon anode lithium-ion batteries under the SiCore and SiMaxx product platforms. Its batteries are primarily used for existing and emerging aviation applications, including unmanned aerial systems, such as drones and high-altitude pseudo satellites. The company was founded in 2008 and is headquartered in Fremont, California.;tech
AMPY;Amplify Energy Corp., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the acquisition, development, exploitation, and production of oil and natural gas properties in the United States. The company's assets consist primarily of producing oil and natural gas properties located in Oklahoma, the Rockies, federal waters offshore Southern California, East Texas/North Louisiana, and Eagle Ford. Its properties include operated and non-operated working interests in producing and undeveloped leasehold acreage, as well as working interests in identified producing wells. The company is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
AMRC;Ameresco, Inc. provides energy solutions in the United States, Canada, and Europe. It operates through North America Regions, U.S. Federal, Renewable Fuels, Europe, and All Other segments. The company offers energy efficiency, infrastructure upgrades, energy security and resilience, asset sustainability, and renewable energy solutions for businesses and organizations. It also designs, develops, engineers, and installs projects that reduce the energy, as well as operations and maintenance (O&M) costs of its customers' facilities; and projects primarily include various measures customized for the facility and designed to enhance the efficiency of building systems, such as heating, ventilation, cooling, and lighting systems. In addition, the company offers renewable energy solutions and services, such as the development and construction of small-scale plants that the company owns or develops for customers that produce electricity, gas, heat, or cooling from renewable sources of energy and O&M services; and sells electricity, processed renewable gas fuel, and heat or cooling produced from renewable sources of energy. Further, the company provides photovoltaic (PV) solar energy products and systems, as well as provides consulting, and enterprise energy management services; and operates wind farms. It serves the federal, state, local governments, utilities, healthcare and educational institutions, public housing authorities, public universities, municipal utilities, and commercial and industrial customers. Ameresco, Inc. was incorporated in 2000 and is headquartered in Framingham, Massachusetts.;tech
AMT;American Tower, one of the largest global REITs, is a leading independent owner, operator and developer of multitenant communications real estate with a portfolio of nearly 150,000 communications sites and a highly interconnected footprint of U.S. data center facilities.;tech
AMTB;Amerant Bancorp Inc. operates as the bank holding company for Amerant Bank, N.A. that provides banking products and services to individuals and businesses in the United States and internationally. It offers checking, savings, business, and money market accounts; cash management services; and certificates of deposits. The company also provides variable and fixed rate commercial real estate loans; owner-occupied; single-family residential; commercial; and Loans to financial institutions and acceptances, and consumer loans and overdrafts, such as automobile, personal, or loans secured by cash or securities and revolving credit card agreements. In addition, it offers trust and estate planning products and services to high net worth customers; brokerage and investment advisory services in global capital markets; and wealth management and fiduciary services. Further, the company provides debit and credit cards, night depositories, direct deposits, cashier's checks, safe deposit boxes, and letters of credit, as well as treasury management services, including wire transfer, remote deposit capture, and automated clearinghouse services; derivative instruments; and online and mobile banking, account balances, statements and other documents, online transfers and bill payment, and electronic delivery of customer statements services, as well as automated teller machines ATM, and banking by mobile devices, telephone, and mail. It operates banking centers in Florida and Texas. The company was formerly known as Mercantil Bank Holding Corporation and changed its name to Amerant Bancorp Inc. in June 2019. Amerant Bancorp Inc. was founded in 1979 and is headquartered in Coral Gables, Florida.;tech
AMTD;AMTD IDEA Group, an investment holding company, provides capital market solutions in China, Hong Kong, Europe, the United States, and Southeast Asia. It operates through Capital Market Solutions, Digital Solutions and Other Services, Media and Entertainment Services, Hotel Operations, Hospitality and VIP Services, and Strategic Investments segments. The Capital Market Solutions segment raises funds through equity and debt financing, private placements, and debt issuances; provides financial advisory services, such as domestic and cross border advisory services for merger and acquisitions; and provides asset management products and services. The Digital Solutions and Other Services segment provides investor communication, investor relations, and corporate communication services to institutional and corporate clients, as well as digital financial solution services. The Media and Entertainment Services segment offers print and digital advertising campaigns, licensing, value-added marketing services comprising branded content, video production, social media activation, event creation, and experiential marketing services. The Hotel Operations, Hospitality and VIP Services segment engages in hotel investments, hotel operations, hospitality, and VIP services. The Strategic Investment segment engages in proprietary investments and management of global investment portfolio, including listed and unlisted equity shares investments and movie income right investments. The company was formerly known as AMTD International Inc. AMTD IDEA Group was founded in 2003 and is based in Paris, France. AMTD IDEA Group is a subsidiary of AMTD Group Inc.;tech
AMTM;Amentum Holdings, Inc. provides engineering and technology solutions to the U.S. and allied government agencies. It offers supporting programs of critical national importance across energy and environmental, intelligence, space, defense, civilian, and commercial end-markets. It offers a range of capabilities, including environment and climate sustainability, intelligence and counter threat solutions, data fusion and analytics, engineering and integration, advanced test, training and readiness, and citizen solutions. The company was incorporated in 2023 and is headquartered in Chantilly, Virginia.;tech
AMWL;American Well Corporation, an enterprise platform and software company, delivers digitally enabling hybrid care in the United States and internationally. The company offers Converge, a cloud-based platform that enables health providers, payers, and innovators to provide in-person, virtual and automated care; and delivers virtual primary care, post-discharge follow-up, chronic condition management, virtual nursing, e-sitting, on-demand and scheduled virtual visits, specialty consults, automated care, and behavioral health, as well as offers specialty care programs, including dermatology, musculoskeletal care, second opinion, and cardiometabolic care for patients and members. It also provides Carepoint devices, which transforms proprietary carts, peripherals, tablets, and TVs into digital access points in clinical settings. In addition, the company offers Amwell Medical Group network services consisting of primary and urgent care, behavioral health therapy, lactation counseling, and nutrition services. Further, it provides professional services to facilitate implementation, workflow design, systems integration, and service expansion for its products, as well as patient and provider engagement services. The company sells its products through field sales professionals, channel partners, and value-added resellers. It serves providers, payers, and the government, as well as the higher education sector. American Well Corporation was incorporated in 2006 and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts.;tech
AMX;América Móvil, S.A.B. de C.V. provides telecommunications services in Latin America and internationally. The company offers wireless and fixed voice services, including airtime, local, domestic, and international long-distance services; and network interconnection services. It provides data services, such as data centers, data administration, and hosting services to residential and corporate clients; value-added services, including Internet access, messaging and other wireless entertainment, and corporate services; data transmission, email services, instant messaging, content streaming, and interactive applications; and wireless security services, mobile payment solutions, machine-to-machine services, mobile banking, virtual private network services, and video calls and personal communications services. In addition, the company offers residential broadband services; IT solutions to small businesses and large corporations; and cable and satellite television subscriptions. Further, it sells equipment, accessories, and computers; and offers software development, call center, entertainment content and news, telephone directories, advertising, cybersecurity services, and media services. Additionally, the company provides video, audio, and other media content through the Internet directly from the content provider to the end user. It sells its products and services under the Telcel, Telmex Infinitum, and A1 brands through a network of retailers and service centers to retail customers; and through sales force to corporate customers. The company was incorporated in 2000 and is based in Mexico City, Mexico.;tech
AN;AutoNation, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates as an automotive retailer in the United States. The company operates through four segments: Domestic, Import, Premium Luxury, and AutoNation Finance. It offers a range of automotive products and services, including new and used vehicles; and parts and services, such as automotive repair and maintenance, and wholesale parts and collision services. The company also provides automotive finance and insurance products comprising vehicle services and other protection products; and indirect financing for vehicles, as well as arranges finance for vehicle purchases through third-party finance sources. It owns and operates new vehicle franchises from stores located in metropolitan markets in the Sunbelt region, as well as AutoNation-branded collision centers, AutoNation USA used vehicle stores, AutoNation-branded automotive auction operations, and parts distribution centers. The company was formerly known as Republic Industries, Inc. and changed its name to AutoNation, Inc. in 1999. AutoNation, Inc. was incorporated in 1980 and is headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.;tech
ANET;Arista Networks Inc engages in the development, marketing, and sale of data-driven, client to cloud networking solutions for AI, data center, campus, and routing environments in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia-Pacific. Its cloud networking solutions consist of Extensible Operating System (EOS), a publish-subscribe state-sharing networking operating system offered in combination with a set of network applications. The company offers data center, cloud and AI networking, cognitive adjacencies, and cognitive network software and services. It also provides post contract customer support services, such as technical support, hardware repair and replacement parts beyond standard warranty, bug fixes, patches, and upgrade services. The company serves a range of industries comprising internet companies, cloud service providers, financial services organizations, government agencies, media and entertainment, healthcare, oil and gas, education, manufacturing, industrial, and others. It markets and sells its products through distributors, system integrators, value-added resellers, and original equipment manufacturer partners, as well as through its direct sales force. The company was formerly known as Arastra, Inc. and changed its name to Arista Networks Inc in October 2008. Arista Networks Inc was incorporated in 2004 and is headquartered in Santa Clara, California.;tech
ANF;Abercrombie & Fitch Co., through its subsidiaries, operates as an omnichannel retailer in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia-Pacific. The company offers an assortment of apparel, personal care products, and accessories for men, women, and kids under the Abercrombie & Fitch, abercrombie kids, Your Personal Best, Hollister, and Gilly Hicks brands. It sells products through its stores, various wholesale, franchise, and licensing arrangements, as well as e-commerce platforms. Abercrombie & Fitch Co. was founded in 1892 and is headquartered in New Albany, Ohio.;tech
ANGX;Angel Studios, Inc. produce and distribute films and television shows by creators through its streaming platform. The company's platform allows users to watch movies, shows, and documentaries for all ages. In addition, the company sells physical media, such as DVD, Blu-ray discs, and various books online; and provides content licensing services. The platform allows fans to invest in and promote productions, fostering a community-driven approach to content creation. Angel Studios, Inc. was formerly known as VidAngel, Inc. and changed its name to Angel Studios, Inc. in March 2021. The company was founded in 2013 and is based in Provo, Utah.;tech
ANRO;Alto Neuroscience, Inc. operates as a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company in the United States. The company's product pipeline includes ALTO-100, which is in Phase 2b clinical trial for the treatment of patients with bipolar depression (BPD). It also develops ALTO-300, a small molecule melatonergic agonist and serotonergic antagonist with antidepressant properties, which is in Phase 2b clinical trial to treat patients with major depressive disorder (MDD); ALTO-101, a novel small molecule phosphodiesterase 4 inhibitor that is in Phase 2 proof-of-concept (POC) trial for the treatment of cognitive impairment associated with schizophrenia; ALTO-203, a novel small-molecule histamine H3 receptor inverse agonist, which is in Phase 2 POC trial to treat patients with MDD and higher levels of anhedonia; and ALTO-202, an investigational orally bioavailable antagonist of the GluN2B subunit of the NMDA receptor that is in Phase 1 clinical trial for the treatment of MDD. The company was incorporated in 2019 and is headquartered in Mountain View, California.;tech
ANVS;Annovis Bio, Inc., a clinical stage drug platform company, develops drugs to treat neurodegeneration in the United States. The company's lead product candidate is Buntanetap, which is in phase 2/3 to treat alzheimer's disease, as well as in phase 3 to treat parkinson's disease; and is in phase 2 clinical trial to treat lewy body dementia. It also develops ANVS405, which is in phase 2 and 3 clinical trials for the treatment of traumatic brain injury and/or stroke; and ANVS301, which finished phase 1 clinical trial to treat later stages of alzheimer's disease and dementia. The company was incorporated in 2008 and is headquartered in Malvern, Pennsylvania.;tech
AOD;Abrdn Total Dynamic Dividend Fund is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Alpine Woods Capital Investors, LLC. The fund invests in the public equity markets across the globe. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies across diversified sectors. The fund invests in growth and value stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. It employs fundamental analysis with a combination of bottom-up and top-down stock picking approach with a focus on factors like special dividends and dividend capture rotation to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 TR Index, MSCI ACWI Index, and MSCI AC World Daily TR Ex Japan (Gross Div) Index. It conducts in-house research to make its investments. Abrdn Total Dynamic Dividend Fund was formed on October 27, 2006 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
AON;Aon plc, a professional services firm, provides a range of risk and human capital solutions worldwide. It offers commercial risk solutions, including retail brokerage, specialty solutions, global risk consulting and captive management, and affinity programs; and health solutions, such as consulting and brokerage, consumer benefit, and talent advisory services. The company also provides insurance-linked securities, capital raising, strategic advice, restructuring, and merger and acquisition services; and risk management products and services, capital market solutions, and corporate finance advisory services. In addition, the company offers treaty and facultative reinsurance services; strategic design advice and actuarial services; and investment advisory services on developing and maintaining investment programs across various plan types, including defined benefit plans, defined contribution plans, and trusts for corporations, public pensions, endowments, and foundations. The company was founded in 1919 and is headquartered in Dublin, Ireland.;tech
AORT;Artivion, Inc. manufactures, processes, and distributes medical devices and implantable human tissues worldwide. The company provides BioGlue, a polymer consisting of bovine blood protein and an agent for cross-linking proteins for cardiac, vascular, neurologic, and pulmonary procedures; cardiac and preservation services; PhotoFix, a bovine pericardial patch; and aortic arch stent grafts, including E-vita Open NEO, E-vita Open Plus, ascyrus medical dissection stent hybrid prosthesis, E-vita THORACIC 3G products, and NEXUS products. It also offers E-xtra design engineering systems for the treatment of aortic vascular diseases; E-nside, an off-the-shelf stent graft for the treatment of thoraco-abdominal disease; E-ventus BX, a balloon-expandable peripheral stent graft for the endovascular treatment of renal and pelvic arteries; E-liac to treat aneurysmal iliac arteries and aneurysmal iliac side branches; Tuva BX, a balloon-expandable peripheral stent graft to treat arterial ruptures, aneurysms, and other peripheral vascular system pathologies; and E-tegra, a stent graft system for the treatment of infrarenal abdominal aortic aneurysms. In addition, the company offers synthetic vascular grafts for use in open aortic and peripheral vascular surgical procedures; PerClot, an absorbable powdered hemostat for use in surgical procedures; CryoVein femoral vein and CryoArtery femoral artery vascular preservation services; On-X prosthetic aortic and mitral heart valves, and the On-X ascending aortic prosthesis; CarbonAid CO2 diffusion catheters; Chord-X ePTFE sutures for mitral chordal replacement; and pyrolytic carbon coating services to medical device manufacturers. It serves physicians, hospitals, and other healthcare facilities, as well as cardiac, vascular, thoracic, and general surgeons. The company was formerly known as CryoLife, Inc. and changed its name to Artivion, Inc. in January 2022. Artivion, Inc. was incorporated in 1984 and is headquartered in Kennesaw, Georgia.;tech
AOS;A. O. Smith Corporation manufactures and markets residential and commercial gas and electric water heaters, boilers, heat pumps, tanks, and water treatment products in North America, China, Europe, and India. The company offers water heaters for residences, restaurants, hotels, office buildings, laundries, car washes, and small businesses; boilers for hospitals, schools, hotels, and other large commercial buildings, as well as homes, apartments, and condominiums; and water treatment products comprising point-of-entry water softeners, well water solutions, and whole-home water filtration products, and point-of-use carbon and reverse osmosis products for residences, restaurants, hotels, and offices. It also provides commercial water treatment and filtration products; expansion tanks, commercial solar water heating systems, swimming pool and spa heaters, and related products and parts; and electric wall-hung, gas tankless, combi-boiler, and heat pump and solar water heaters. The company offers its products under the A. O. Smith, State, Lochinvar, Hague, Water-Right, Master Water, Atlantic Filter, and Water Tec brands. It distributes its products through independent wholesale plumbing distributors, as well as to retail channels consisting of hardware and home center chains, and manufacturer representative firms; and offers Aquasana branded products directly to consumers through e-commerce channels. A. O. Smith Corporation was founded in 1874 and is headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.;tech
AP;Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, engages in manufacture and sale of specialty metal products and customized equipment to commercial and industrial users worldwide. The company operates through Forged and Cast Engineered Products (FCEP); and Air and Liquid Processing (ALP) segments. The FCEP segment produces forged hardened steel rolls, cast rolls and, and forged engineered products that are used in hot and cold rolling mills by producers of steel, aluminum, and other metals; cast rolls for hot strip mills, medium/heavy section mills, roughing mills, and plate mills; and forged engineered products for narrow and wide strip and aluminum mills, back-up rolls for narrow strip mills, and leveling rolls and shafts. The ALP Aerofin segment produces custom-engineered finned tube heat exchange coils and related heat transfer products for various industries, including original equipment manufacturers OEM/commercial, nuclear power generation, and industrial manufacturing; custom-designed air handling systems for institutional, pharmaceutical, and general industrial building markets; and manufactures centrifugal pumps for the fossil fueled power generation, marine defense, and industrial refrigeration industries. Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation was incorporated in 1929 and is headquartered in Carnegie, Pennsylvania.;tech
APD;Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. provides atmospheric gases, process and specialty gases, equipment, and related services in the Americas, Asia, Europe, the Middle East, India, and internationally. The company produces atmospheric gases, including oxygen, nitrogen, and argon; process gases, such as hydrogen, helium, carbon dioxide, carbon monoxide, and syngas; and specialty gases for customers in various industries, including refining, chemical, manufacturing, electronics, energy production, medical, food, and metals. It also designs and manufactures equipment for air separation, hydrocarbon recovery and purification, natural gas liquefaction, and liquid helium and liquid hydrogen transport and storage. The company was founded in 1940 and is headquartered in Allentown, Pennsylvania.;tech
APG;APi Group Corporation provides safety and specialty services worldwide. The company offers end-to-end integrated occupancy systems, such as fire protection services; heating, ventilation, and air conditioning solutions; and entry systems, elevators, and escalators, including design, installation, inspection, and service of these integrated systems. It also provides various infrastructure and specialized industrial plant services comprising maintenance and repair of underground electric, gas, water, sewer, and telecommunications infrastructure; engineering and design, fabrication, installation, maintenance service and repair, retrofitting and upgrading, pipeline infrastructure, access and road construction, supporting facilities, and integrity management and maintenance. The company serves commercial, education, healthcare, high tech, industrial, and special-hazard settings, as well as private and public utilities, communications, healthcare, education, transportation, manufacturing, industrial plants and governmental agencies. The company was formerly known as J2 Acquisition Limited and changed its name to APi Group Corporation in October 2019. APi Group Corporation was founded in 1926 and is headquartered in New Brighton, Minnesota.;tech
APH;Amphenol Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and markets electrical, electronic, and fiber optic connectors in the United States, China, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Harsh Environment Solutions, Communications Solutions, and Interconnect and Sensor Systems. The company offers connectors and connector systems, including harsh environment data, power, high-speed, fiber optic, and radio frequency interconnect products; busbars and power distribution systems; and power interconnect products. It also provides value-add products, such as backplane interconnect systems, cable assemblies and harnesses, and cable management products; and other products comprising flexible and rigid printed circuit boards, hinges, other mechanical, and production related products. In addition, the company offers consumer device, network infrastructure, and other antennas; coaxial, power, and specialty cables; and sensors and sensor-based products. Amphenol Corporation sells its products through its sales force, independent representatives, and a network of electronics distributors to original equipment manufacturers, electronic manufacturing services companies, original design manufacturers, and service providers in the automotive, broadband communication, commercial aerospace, industrial, information technology and data communication, military, mobile device, and mobile network markets. The company was founded in 1932 and is headquartered in Wallingford, Connecticut.;tech
APO;Apollo Global Management, Inc. is a private equity firm specializing in investments in credit, private equity, infrastructure, secondaries and real estate markets. The firm prefers to invest in private and public markets. The firm's private equity investments include traditional buyouts, recapitalization, distressed buyouts and debt investments in real estate, corporate partner buyouts, distressed asset, corporate carve-outs, middle market, growth, venture capital, turnaround, bridge, corporate restructuring, special situation, acquisition, and industry consolidation transactions. For credit strategies, the firm focuses to invest in multi-sector credit, semi-liquid credit, direct lending, first lien, unitranche, whole loans and private credit. The firm provides its services to endowment and sovereign wealth funds, as well as other institutional and individual investors. It manages client focused portfolios. The firm launches and manages hedge funds for its clients. It also manages real estate funds and private equity funds for its clients. The firm invests in the fixed income and alternative investment markets across the globe. Its fixed income investments include income-oriented senior loans, bonds, collateralized loan obligations, structured credit, opportunistic credit, non-performing loans, distressed debt, mezzanine debt, and value oriented fixed income securities. The firm seeks to invest in chemicals, commodities, consumer and retail, oil and gas, metals, mining, agriculture, commodities, distribution and transportation, financial and business services, manufacturing and industrial, media distribution, cable, entertainment and leisure, telecom, technology, natural resources, energy, packaging and materials, and satellite and wireless industries. It also focuses on clean energy, sustainable industry, climate solutions, energy transition, industrial decarbonization, sustainable mobility, sustainable resource use, and sustainable real estate. It seeks to invest in companies based in across Africa, Asia, North America with a focus on United States, Western Europe and Europe. It employs a combination of contrarian, value, and distressed strategies to make its investments. The firm seeks to make investments in the range of $75 million and $1500 million. The firm seeks to invest in companies with Enterprise value between $750 million to $2500 million. The firm conducts in-house research to create its investment portfolio. It seeks to acquire minority and majority positions in its portfolio companies. Apollo Global Management, Inc. was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in New York, New York with additional offices in North America, Asia, Africa and Europe.;tech
APTV;Aptiv PLC engages in design, manufacture, and sale of vehicle components for the automotive and commercial vehicle markets in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, South America, and internationally. It operates through two segments, Signal and Power Solutions, and Advanced Safety and User Experience. The Signal and Power Solutions segment designs, manufactures, and assembles vehicle's electrical architecture, including engineered component products, connectors, wiring assemblies and harnesses, cable management products, electrical centers, and high voltage and safety distribution systems. The Advanced Safety and User Experience segment provides critical technologies and services for vehicle safety, security, comfort, and convenience, such as sensing and perception systems, electronic control units, multi-domain controllers, vehicle connectivity systems, cloud-native software platform, application software, autonomous driving technologies, and end-to-end DevOps tools. Aptiv PLC was incorporated in 2011 and is based in Schaffhausen, Switzerland.;tech
AQN;Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. operates in the power and utility industries. The company owns and operates a portfolio of regulated electric, water distribution and wastewater collection, and natural gas utility systems and transmission operations. As of December 31, 2024, it operated a portfolio of regulated utility systems in the United States, Canada, Bermuda, and Chile serving approximately 1,265,000 customer connections. The company's regulated electrical distribution utility systems and related transmission and generation assets are located in the states of Arkansas, California, Kansas, Missouri, Nevada, New Hampshire, and Oklahoma, as well as in Bermuda with approximately 310,000 electric customer connections. Its regulated water distribution and wastewater utility systems are located in the states of Arizona, Arkansas, California, Illinois, Missouri, New York, and Texas, as well as in Chile with approximately 577,000 customer connections. The company's regulated natural gas distribution utility systems are located in the states of Georgia, Illinois, Iowa, Massachusetts, Missouri, New Hampshire, and New York; and in the Canadian province of New Brunswick with approximately 378,000 natural gas customer connections. It also owns and operates generating assets with a gross capacity of approximately 2.0 gigawatt (GW) and has investments in generating assets with approximately 0.3 GW of net generation capacity. The company generates and sells hydro electrical energy in Canada, and capacity and renewable attributes produced by its portfolio of 14 hydroelectric power generation facilities located in the provinces of Alberta, Ontario, New Brunswick, and Quebec. As of December 31, 2024, it had a combined gross generating capacity of approximately 115 megawatt (MW) and a combined net generating capacity of approximately 111 MW. Algonquin Power & Utilities Corp. was incorporated in 1988 and is headquartered in Oakville, Canada.;tech
AR;Antero Resources Corporation, an independent oil and natural gas company, engages in the development, production, exploration, and acquisition of natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), and oil properties in the United States. It operates in three segments: Exploration and Production; Marketing; and Equity Method Investment in Antero Midstream. As of December 31, 2024, the company had approximately 521,000 net acres in the Appalachian Basin; and approximately 170,000 net acres in the Upper Devonian Shale. Its gathering and compression systems also comprise 708 miles of gas gathering pipelines in the Appalachian Basin. The company was formerly known as Antero Resources Appalachian Corporation and changed its name to Antero Resources Corporation in June 2013. Antero Resources Corporation was incorporated in 2002 and is headquartered in Denver, Colorado.;tech
ARDT;Ardent Health, Inc. owns and operates a network of hospitals and clinics that provides a range of healthcare services in the United States. The company offers general and specialty services, including internal medicine, general surgery, cardiology, oncology, orthopedics, women's services, neurology, urology, and emergency services within inpatient and ambulatory care settings. It also operates a network of ambulatory facilities and telehealth services, including primary care and specialty care clinics, ambulatory surgery centers, urgent care centers, free-standing emergency departments, and diagnostic imaging centers. It operates acute care hospitals, including rehabilitation hospitals and surgical hospitals. Ardent Health, Inc. was formerly known as Ardent Health Partners, Inc. and changed its name to Ardent Health, Inc. in June 2025. The company was founded in 2001 and is based in Brentwood, Tennessee. Ardent Health, Inc. is a subsidiary of EGI-AM Investments, L.L.C.;tech
ARE;Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. (NYSE: ARE), an S&P 500 company, is a best-in-class, mission-driven life science REIT making a positive and lasting impact on the world. With our founding in 1994, Alexandria pioneered the life science real estate niche. Alexandria is the preeminent and longest-tenured owner, operator, and developer of collaborative Megacampus ecosystems in AAA life science innovation cluster locations, including Greater Boston, the San Francisco Bay Area, San Diego, Seattle, Maryland, Research Triangle, and New York City. As of June 30, 2025, Alexandria has a total market capitalization of $25.7 billion and an asset base in North America that includes 39.7 million RSF of operating properties and 4.4 million RSF of Class A/A+ properties undergoing construction and one 100% pre-leased committed near-term project expected to commence construction in the next year. Alexandria has a long-standing and proven track record of developing Class A/A+ properties clustered in highly dynamic and collaborative Megacampus environments that enhance our tenants' ability to successfully recruit and retain world-class talent and inspire productivity, efficiency, creativity, and success. Alexandria also provides strategic capital to transformative life science companies through our venture capital platform. We believe our unique business model and diligent underwriting ensure a high-quality and diverse tenant base that results in higher occupancy levels, longer lease terms, higher rental income, higher returns, and greater long-term asset value.;tech
ARES;Ares Management Corporation operates as an alternative asset manager in the United States, Europe, and Asia. Its Direct Lending Group segment provides financing solutions to small-to-medium sized companies. The company's Private Equity Group segment focuses on majority or shared-control investments primarily in under-capitalized companies. Its Real Estate Group segment invests in new developments and the repositioning of assets, with a focus on control or majority-control investments; and originates and invests in a range of self-originated financing opportunities for middle-market owners and operators of commercial real estate. The firm was previously known as Ares Management, L.P. Ares Management Corporation was founded in 1997 and is headquartered in Los Angeles, California with additional offices in the United States, Europe and Asia. Ares Management GP LLC is the general partner of the company.;tech
ARIS;Aris Water Solutions, Inc., an environmental infrastructure and solutions company, provides water handling and recycling solutions to oil and natural gas operators in the United States. The company's produced water handling business gathers, transports, and handles produced water generated from oil and natural gas production. Its water solutions business develops and operates recycling facilities to treat, store, and recycle produced water. Aris Water Solutions, Inc. was founded in 2015 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
ARL;American Realty Investors, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, acquires, develops, and owns multifamily and commercial real estate properties in the Southern United States. It operates through two segments, Residential and Commercial. The company leases apartment units to residents; and office, industrial, and retail space to various for-profit businesses, as well as local, state, and federal agencies. It also offers tenant services, including parking and storage space rental; and acquires and sells land and properties. The company was incorporated in 1999 and is based in Dallas, Texas. American Realty Investors, Inc. is a subsidiary of Realty Advisors, Inc.;tech
ARLO;Arlo Technologies, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides cloud-based platform services in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific regions. The company offers Arlo Essential Cameras and Doorbells (2nd Generation) delivers smart home protection, including automated privacy shield, 180-degree field of view, and 2K video resolution; Arlo Home Security System, an all-in-one multi-sensor that provides access to security experts for monitoring and responding to emergency situations; Arlo Pro 5S, a wireless 2K video resolution security camera; Arlo Go 2, a camera for monitoring remote areas, large properties, construction sites, vacation homes, boat or RV slips, and hard-to-access areas; Arlo Ultra 2 provides 4K video with HDR, an ultra-wide, 180-degree field of view, auto zoom and tracking on moving objects, and color night vision; and Arlo Floodlight Camera, a wire-free floodlight camera. It also provides security system accessories, charging accessories, and mounts. In addition, the company offers Arlo Secure subscriptions, including emergency response secure plus plan; 2K secure plan and 4K secure plus plan cloud-based video recording; unlimited cameras; advanced object detection; smart interactive notifications; smoke and CO alarm detection; cloud-based activity zone; call a friend; and 24/7 priority support and professional monitoring services; Arlo Total Security, a subscription which provides 24/7 professional monitoring and security hardware; Arlo Safe, a personal safety app that offers one-touch emergency response, family safety, and crash detection and response services; and Arlo SmartCloud, a SaaS solution that delivers security cloud services for business. It sells its products through retailers, wholesale distributors, broadcast channels, wireless carriers, and security solution providers, as well as through its website. Arlo Technologies, Inc. was incorporated in 2018 and is headquartered in Carlsbad, California.;tech
ARMK;Aramark provides food and facilities services to education, healthcare, business and industry, sports, leisure, and corrections clients in the United States and internationally. It operates in two segments, Food and Support Services United States, and Food and Support Services International. The company offers food-related managed services, including dining, catering, food service management, and convenience-oriented retail services; non-clinical food and food-related support services, such as patient food and nutrition, retail food, environmental services, and procurement services; and plant operations and maintenance, custodial/housekeeping, energy management, grounds keeping, and capital project management services. It also provides on-site restaurants, catering, convenience stores, and executive dining services; beverage and vending services; and facility management services comprising landscaping, transportation, capital program management, payment services, and other facility consulting services relating to building operations. In addition, the company offers concessions, banquet, and catering services; retail services and merchandise sale, recreational, and lodging services; and facility management services at sports, entertainment, and recreational facilities. Further, it offers correctional food; and operates commissaries, laundry facilities, and property rooms. The company was formerly known as ARAMARK Holdings Corporation. Aramark was founded in 1959 and is based in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.;tech
AROC;Archrock, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an energy infrastructure company in the United States. The company operates in two segments, Contract Operations and Aftermarket Services. It engages in the designing, sourcing, owning, installing, operating, servicing, repairing, and maintaining of its owned fleet of natural gas compression equipment to provide natural gas compression services. The company also sells over-the-counter parts and components, as well as provides operations, major and routine maintenance, overhaul, and reconfiguration services to customers who own compression equipment; and operates as a packager of reciprocal and rotary screw natural gas compressors for sale or on a contract compression basis. It serves integrated and independent oil and natural gas processors, gatherers, and transporters. The company was formerly known as Exterran Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to Archrock, Inc. in November 2015. Archrock, Inc. was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
ARW;Arrow Electronics, Inc. provides products, services, and solutions to industrial and commercial users of electronic components and enterprise computing solutions in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. The company operates in two segments, Global Components and Global Enterprise Computing Solutions. The Global Components segment markets and distributes electronic components comprising semiconductor products and related services; interconnect, passive, and electromechanical products, including capacitors, resistors, potentiometers, power supplies, relays, switches, and connectors; and computing and memory products, as well as other products and services. The Global Enterprise Computing Solutions segment offers computing solutions, such as datacenter, cloud, security, and analytics solutions. This segment also provides access to various services, including engineering and integration support, warehousing and logistics, marketing resources, and authorized hardware and software training. It serves original equipment manufacturers, value-added resellers, managed service providers, contract manufacturers, and other commercial customers. The company was founded in 1935 and is based in Centennial, Colorado.;tech
ARX;Accelerant Holdings, together with its subsidiaries, operate a data-driven risk exchange that connects selected specialty insurance underwriters with risk capital partners. The Exchange Services segment consists of risk exchange, its operating platform that incorporates various technology, data ingestion, and agency operations that serve the needs of its members and risk capital partners. Its Risk capital partners write premiums directly through the Risk Exchange pay us a fixed-percentage, volume-based fee for sourcing, managing, and monitoring the business they write. The MGA Operations segment includes the fees earned by members, predominantly for originating and underwriting a portfolio of insurance policies, reduced by the expenses associated with providing services. The Underwriting segment is involved in underwriting insurance policies and assumption of reinsurance policies issued or accepted by consolidated insurance companies. Its Underwriting segment is a strategic asset that enables access to portfolio for current and prospective risk capital partners. The activities of insurance companies include property and casualty insurance, policy issuance, and reinsurance arrangements. The company focuses on small-to-medium sized commercial clients primarily in the United States, Europe, Canada, and the United Kingdom. The company was founded in 2018 and is based in Grand Cayman, the Cayman Islands.;tech
AS;Amer Sports, Inc. designs, manufactures, markets, distributes, and sells sports equipment, apparel, footwear, and accessories in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Americas, Mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan, and the Asia Pacific. It operates through three segments: Technical Apparel, Outdoor Performance, and Ball & Racquet Sports. The Technical Apparel segment offers outdoor apparel, footwear, and accessories, which includes climbing gear. The Outdoor Performance segment provides hiking and running footwear, functional apparel, skiing and snowboarding gear, and lifestyle footwear products. The Ball & Racquet Sports segment offers sports equipment for tennis, baseball, American football, basketball, golf, and various other professional and recreational sports, as well as functional athletic apparel. This segment provides custom-fitting protective gear and apparel for baseball, softball, football, and lacrosse; and pitching machines. The company sells its products under the Arc'teryx, PeakPerformance, Salomon, Atomic, Armada, Wilson, Louisville Slugger, DeMarini, EvoShield, and Atec brands. It distributes its products through retail stores, general sporting goods retailers, specialty stores, independently operated partner stores, and distributors, as well as retailer-owned and third-party e-commerce websites. The company was formerly known as Amer Sports Management Holding (Cayman) Limited and changed its name to Amer Sports, Inc. in August 2023. Amer Sports, Inc. was founded in 1950 and is based in Helsinki, Finland.;tech
ASA;ASA Gold and Precious Metals Limited is a publicly owned investment manager. The firm invests in the public equity markets across the globe. It primarily invests in stocks of companies engaged in the exploration, mining or processing of gold, silver, platinum, diamonds, or other precious minerals. It also invests in exchange traded funds. The firm employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up approach to create its portfolios. The firm obtains external research to complement its in-house research. The firm is focused on covering the metals and mining sector. This record reflects the investment preferences or overall investment strategy of ASA Gold and Precious Metals Limited. ASA Gold and Precious Metals Limited was founded in 1958 and is based in Portland, Maine.;tech
ASAN;Asana, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates a work management software platform for individuals, team leads, and executives in the United States and internationally. Its platform helps organizations to orchestrate work from daily tasks to cross-functional strategic initiatives; manage work across a portfolio of projects or workflows, see progress against goals, identify bottlenecks, resource constraints, and milestones; and communicate company-wide goals, monitor status, and oversee work across projects and portfolios to gain real-time insights. The company uses a hybrid go-to-market approach, combining a product-led model, direct sales, and channel partners to serve customers in various industries, such as technology, retail, education, non-profit, government, healthcare, hospitality, media, manufacturing, professional services, and financial services. The company was formerly known as Smiley Abstractions, Inc. and changed its name to Asana, Inc. in July 2009. Asana, Inc. was incorporated in 2008 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
ASB;Associated Banc-Corp, a bank holding company, provides various banking and nonbanking products and services to individuals and businesses in Wisconsin, Illinois, Missouri, and Minnesota. The company offers lending solutions, including commercial loans and lines of credit, commercial real estate financing, construction loans, letters of credit, leasing, asset-based lending and equipment finance, loan syndications products, residential mortgages, home equity loans and lines of credit, personal and installment loans, auto finance and business loans, and business lines of credit. It also provides deposit and cash management solutions, such as commercial checking and interest-bearing deposit products, cash vault and night depository services, liquidity solutions, payables and receivables solutions, and information services; specialized financial services comprising interest rate risk management and foreign exchange solutions; fiduciary services consisting of administration of pension, profit-sharing and other employee benefit plans, fiduciary and corporate agency services, and institutional asset management services; and investable funds solutions, including savings, money market deposit accounts, IRA accounts, CDs, fixed and variable annuities, full-service, discount, and online investment brokerage; investment advisory services; and trust and investment management accounts. In addition, the company offers deposit and transactional solutions, including checking, credit and debit cards, online banking and bill pay, and money transfer services. The company operates loan production offices in Indiana, Kansas, Michigan, New York, Ohio, and Texas. Associated Banc-Corp was founded in 1861 and is headquartered in Green Bay, Wisconsin.;tech
ASG;Liberty All-Star Growth Fund, Inc. is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by ALPS Advisers, Inc. It is co-managed by Weatherbie Capital, LLC, Congress Asset Management Company, and Sustainable Growth Advisers, LP. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund primarily invests in growth stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. It employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the NASDAQ Composite Index, Russell 3000 Growth Index, and the S&P 500 Index. It conducts in-house research to make its investments. The fund was previously known as Charles Allmon Trust, Inc. Liberty All-Star Growth Fund, Inc. was formed on March 14, 1986 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
ASGN;ASGN Incorporated engages in the provision of information technology (IT) services and solutions in the technology, digital, and creative fields for commercial and government sectors in the United States, Canada, and Europe. It operates through two segments: Commercial and Federal Government. The Commercial Segment provides consulting, creative digital marketing, and permanent placement services primarily to enterprise clients. This segment also offers workforce mobilization, modern enterprise, and digital innovation IT consulting services; and cloud, data and analytics, and digital transformation solutions. The Federal Government Segment provides mission-critical solutions to the department of defense, intelligence communities, and federal civilian agencies. This segment offers cloud, cybersecurity, artificial intelligence, machine learning, application and IT modernization, and science and engineering solutions. The company was formerly known as On Assignment, Inc. and changed its name to ASGN Incorporated in April 2018. The company was founded in 1985 and is based in Glen Allen, Virginia.;tech
ASH;Ashland Inc. provides additives and specialty ingredients in the North and Latin America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and internationally. It operates through Life Sciences, Personal Care, Specialty Additives, and Intermediates segments. The Life Sciences segment offers pharmaceutical solutions, including controlled release polymers, disintegrants, tablet coatings, thickeners, solubilizers, and tablet binders; and nutrition solutions, such as thickeners, stabilizers, emulsifiers, and additives. Its Personal Care segment provides a range of natural, nature-derived, biodegradable, and performance ingredients; solutions for toothpastes, mouth washes and rinses, denture cleaning, and care for teeth; and household supplies nature-derived rheology ingredients, biodegradable surface wetting agents, performance encapsulates, and specialty polymers. The Specialty Additives segment offers rheology modifiers, foam control agents, surfactants and wetting agents, pH neutralizers, advanced ceramics used in catalytic converters, environmental filters, ingredients for the manufacturing of ceramic capacitors, plasma display panels and solar cells, ingredients for textile printing, thermoplastic metals, and alloys for welding. Its Intermediates segment produces 1,4 butanediol and related derivatives, including n-methylpyrrolidone. It offers its products to customers in a range of consumer and industrial markets, such as architectural coatings, construction, energy, food and beverage, personal care, and pharmaceutical. The company was formerly known as Ashland Global Holdings Inc. and changed its name to Ashland Inc. in August 2022. Ashland Inc. was founded in 1924 and is headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware.;tech
ASIC;Ategrity Specialty Insurance Company Holdings, through its subsidiaries, provides excess and surplus lines insurance and reinsurance products to small and medium-sized businesses in the United States. It offers property and casualty insurance solutions, including commercial property, low-limit general liability, and management and professional liability products on primary and an excess basis to retail, real estate, hospitality, and construction verticals. The company markets and distributes its products through brokerage and small business channels. The company was formerly known as Ategrity Specialty Holdings LLC. Ategrity Specialty Insurance Company Holdings was incorporated in 2017 and is based in New York, New York. Ategrity Specialty Insurance Company Holdings operates as a subsidiary of Zimmer Financial Services Group LLC.;tech
ASIX;AdvanSix Inc. engages in the manufacture and sale of polymer resins in the United States and internationally. The company offers Nylon 6, a polymer resin, which is a synthetic material used to produce fibers, filaments, engineered plastics, and films. It also provides caprolactam to manufacture polymer resins; ammonium sulfate fertilizers to distributors, farm cooperatives, and retailers; and acetone that are used in the production of adhesives, paints, coatings, solvents, herbicides, and resins. In addition, the company offers intermediate chemicals, including phenol, alpha-methylstyrene, cyclohexanone, oximes, cyclohexanol, and alkyl and specialty amines; and cyclohexanol, sulfuric acid, ammonia, and carbon dioxide. It offers its products under the Aegis, Sulf-N, Nadone, Naxol, and EZ-Blox under brand names. The company sells its products directly, as well as through distributors. AdvanSix Inc. was incorporated in 2016 and is headquartered in Parsippany, New Jersey.;tech
ASPN;Aspen Aerogels, Inc., an aerogel technology company, designs, develops, manufactures, and sells aerogel materials primarily for use in the energy industrial, sustainable insulation materials, and electric vehicle (EV) markets in the United States, Canada, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. It operates in two segments, Energy Industrial and Thermal Barrier. The company offers PyroThin aerogel thermal barriers for use in battery packs in EVs; Pyrogel XTE for refineries and petrochemical facilities; Pyrogel HPS for high temperatures and in demanding thermal applications in refining and chemical processing systems; Pyrogel XTF for protection against fire; Cryogel Z for sub-ambient and cryogenic applications; Spaceloft Subsea for pipe-in-pipe applications in offshore oil production; and Cryogel X201 for cold system designs. It serves EV manufacturers, automotive suppliers, lithium-ion battery manufacturers, and e-mobility and energy storage companies. The company was founded in 2001 and is headquartered in Northborough, Massachusetts.;tech
ASR;Grupo Aeroportuario del Sureste, S. A. B. de C. V., together with its subsidiaries, holds concessions to operate, maintain, and develop airports in the southeast region of Mexico. It operates through Cancún, Aerostar, Airplan, Mérida, Villahermosa, Holding & Services, and Other segments. The company operates the airports in Cozumel, Huatulco, Mérida, Minatitlán, Oaxaca, Tapachula, Veracruz, and Villahermosa; and offers aeronautical services, such as passenger, aircraft landing and parking, passenger walkways, and airport security. It also provides non-aeronautical services, such as leasing of space at its airports to retailers, restaurants, airlines, and other commercial tenants; luggage check-in, sorting and handling, aircraft servicing and cleaning, cargo handling, aircraft catering services, and assistance with passenger boarding and deplaning; and open-air parking lots for commercial vehicle operators, including taxi, bus and other ground transport operators; and other commercial activities. In addition, the company operates various airports in Colombia, including the Enrique Olaya Herrera Airport in Medellín, the José María Córdova International Airport in Rionegro, the Los Garzones Airport in Montería, the Antonio Roldán Betancourt Airport in Carepa, the El Caraño Airport in Quibdó, and the Las Brujas Airport in Corozal; and holds a lease to operate, maintain, and develop the Luis Muñoz Marín International Airport in San Juan, Puerto Rico. Grupo Aeroportuario del Sureste, S. A. B. de C. V. was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Mexico City, Mexico.;tech
ASX;ASE Technology Holding Co., Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, provides semiconductor manufacturing services in the United States, Taiwan, rest of Asia, Europe, and internationally. It operates through Packaging, Testing, EMS, and Others segments. The company offers semiconductor packaging, interconnect materials production, front-end engineering testing, wafer probing, and final testing services, as well as integrated solutions for EMS (electronic manufacturing services) in relation to computing, peripherals, communications, industrial, automotive, and server applications. It also provides turnkey services, such as packaging, testing, and direct shipment of semiconductors to end users; wire bonding, including lead frame and substrate-based packages; advanced packages; heterogeneous integration; and other test-related services. In addition, the company engages in the leasing of properties; development, construction, sale, and management of real estate properties; management of parking lot; leasing of properties for shopping center; and management of commercial complex services and department store trading activities, as well as offers social, marketing and sales, information software, leasing and investing, and after-sales and sales support services. Further, it engages in the substrates production; investment advisory and warehousing management; design and manufacturing of electronic components and new electronic applications; technical advisory; management, training, and consulting of organization and human resources; projection of plastic; manufacture and sale of antennas, RF amplifiers and wave straps, PCBs, and tuners; and research and development activities. The company was founded in 1984 and is based in Kaohsiung, Taiwan.;tech
ATEN;A10 Networks, Inc. provides security and infrastructure solutions in the United States, rest of the Americas, Japan, rest of the Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. The company offers Thunder Application Delivery Controller that provides advanced server load balancing; Thunder Carrier Grade Networking, which provides standards-compliant address and protocol translation services between varying types of internet protocol addresses; Thunder Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) Insight that decrypts SSL-encrypted traffic and forwards it to a third-party security device for deep packet inspection; and Thunder Convergent Firewall, which addresses multiple critical security capabilities in one package. It also provides A10 Control that provides intelligent management, automation, and analytics for secure application delivery. In addition, the company offers A10 Defend Threat Control, a standalone SaaS platform; A10 Defend Orchestrator, which provides a centralized point of control for seamless distributed denial of service (DDoS) defense management and execution; A10 Defend Detector, a DDoS detector used to easily manage the scale and heterogenous nature of SP networks; A10 Defend Mitigator, a DDoS mitigation solution; and A10 Defend ThreatX Protect, a cloud-based web application and application programming interfaces protection solution. It delivers its solutions in hardware appliances, bare metal software, containerized software, virtual appliances, and cloud-native software forms. The company serves cloud, telecommunications, multiple system, and cable service providers; government organizations; and enterprises in the telecommunications, technology, industrial, government, retail, financial, gaming, and education industries. It sells its products through sales organizations; and distributors, value added resellers, and system integrators. A10 Networks, Inc. was incorporated in 2004 and is headquartered in San Jose, California.;tech
ATGE;Adtalem Global Education Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides healthcare education in the United States, Barbados, St. Kitts, and St. Maarten. It operates in three segments: Chamberlain, Walden, and Medical and Veterinary. The company offers degree and non-degree programs, including bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees; and online certificate programs for nursing, health professions, medical, and veterinary postsecondary education, counseling, business, information technology, psychology, public health, social work and human services, public administration and public policy, and criminal justice. It also operates Chamberlain University, Walden University, American University of the Caribbean School of Medicine, Ross University School of Medicine, and Ross University School of Veterinary Medicine. The company was formerly known as DeVry Education Group Inc. and changed its name to Adtalem Global Education Inc. in May 2017. Adtalem Global Education Inc. was incorporated in 1987 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
ATHM;Autohome Inc. operates as an online destination for automobile consumers in the People's Republic of China. The company delivers interactive content and tools to automobile consumers through its three websites, autohome.com.cn, che168.com, and ttpai.cn on PCs, mobile devices, mobile applications, and mini apps. It also provides media services, including automaker advertising services and regional marketing campaigns; and leads generation services comprising dealer subscription services, advertising services for individual dealers, and used automobile listing and other platform-based services. In addition, the company offers Autohome Mall, an online transaction platform; and online bidding platform for used automobiles, as well as collects commissions for facilitating transactions of auto-financing and insurance products on its platform. The company was formerly known as Sequel Limited and changed its name to Autohome Inc. in October 2011. Autohome Inc. was incorporated in 2008 and is headquartered in Beijing, China.;tech
ATI;ATI Inc. produces and sells specialty materials and complex components worldwide. The company operates in two segments, High Performance Materials & Components, and Advanced Alloys & Solutions. It produces high performance materials, including titanium and titanium-based alloys, nickel- and cobalt-based alloys and superalloys, advanced powder alloys and other specialty materials, and metallic powder alloys, as well as long product forms, such as ingot, billet, bar, rod, wire, shapes and rectangles, seamless tubes, plus precision forgings, components, and machined parts. The company also offers zirconium and related alloys, including hafnium and niobium, nickel-based alloys, titanium and titanium-based alloys, and specialty alloys in various forms, such as plate, sheet, and precision rolled strip products. In addition, it provides hot-rolling conversion services comprising carbon steel products. The company serves medical and specialty energy, aerospace and defense, construction and mining, transportation, oil and gas, automotive, food equipment and appliances, and mining markets. The company was formerly known as Allegheny Technologies Incorporated. ATI Inc. was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
ATKR;Atkore Inc. engages in the manufacture and sale of electrical, mechanical, safety, and infrastructure products and solutions in the United States and internationally. The company offers metal electrical conduit and fittings, plastic pipe conduit and fittings, electrical cable and flexible conduit, and international cable management systems; and mechanical tubes and pipes, metal framing and fittings, construction services, perimeter security, and cable management for the protection and reliability of critical infrastructure. The company offers its products under the Allied Tube & Conduit, AFC Cable Systems, Kaf-Tech, Heritage Plastics, Unistrut, Power-Strut, Cope, US Tray, FRE Composites, United Poly Systems, Calbond, and Calpipe. It serves various end markets, including new construction; maintenance, repair, and remodel; infrastructure; diversified industrials; alternative power generation; healthcare; data centers; and governments through electrical, industrial, and specialty distributors, as well as original equipment manufacturers. The company was formerly known as Atkore International Group Inc. and changed its name to Atkore Inc. in February 2021. Atkore Inc. was founded in 1959 and is headquartered in Harvey, Illinois.;tech
ATMU;Atmus Filtration Technologies Inc. designs, manufactures, and sells filtration products under the Fleetguard brand in the United States and internationally. The company offers fuel filters, lube filters, air filters, crankcase ventilation, hydraulic filters and coolants and other chemicals for on-highway commercial vehicles and off-highway agriculture, construction, mining, and power generation vehicles and equipment. It develops filtration technologies, including filtration media, filter element formation, filtration systems integration; and service-related solutions, such as remote digital diagnostic and prognostic platforms, and analytics. The company was founded in 1958 and is headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee.;tech
ATO;Atmos Energy Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the regulated natural gas distribution, and pipeline and storage businesses in the United States. It operates through two segments, Distribution, and Pipeline and Storage. The Distribution segment is involved in the regulated natural gas distribution and related sales operations in eight states. This segment distributes natural gas to approximately 3.3 million residential, commercial, public authority, and industrial customers; and owned 73,689 miles of underground distribution and transmission mains. The Pipeline and Storage segment engages in the pipeline and storage operations. This segment transports natural gas for third parties and manages five underground storage facilities in Texas; provides ancillary services customary to the pipeline industry, including parking arrangements, lending, and inventory sales; and owned 5,645 miles of gas transmission lines. Atmos Energy Corporation was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
ATR;AptarGroup, Inc. designs and manufactures a range of drug delivery, consumer product dispensing, and active material science solutions and services for the pharmaceutical, beauty, personal care, home care, and food and beverage markets. The company operates through Aptar Pharma, Aptar Beauty, and Aptar Closures segments. It also provides pumps for nasal allergy treatments; and metered dose inhaler valves for respiratory ailments, such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary diseases; elastomer for injectable primary packaging components; and active material science solutions. In addition, the company offers dispensing pumps, closures, elastomeric components, aerosol valves, and digital health solutions. It primarily sells its products and services in Asia, Europe, Latin America, and North America. AptarGroup, Inc. was incorporated in 1992 and is headquartered in Crystal Lake, Illinois.;tech
ATS;ATS Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides automation solutions worldwide. The company is involved in planning, designing, building, commissioning, and servicing automated manufacturing and assembly systems, including automation products and test solutions. It also offers pre-automation services comprising discovery and analysis, concept development, simulation, and total cost of ownership modelling; post-automation services, including training, process optimization, preventative maintenance, emergency and on-call support, spare parts, retooling, retrofits, and equipment relocation; and contract manufacturing services, as well as after sales and services. In addition, the company provides engineering design, prototyping, process verification, specification writing, software and manufacturing process controls development, standard automation products/platforms, equipment design and build, third-party equipment qualification, procurement and integration, automation system installation, product line commissioning, validation, and documentation services. Further, it offers value engineering, supply chain management, and integration and manufacturing capabilities, as well as other automation products and solutions; and software and digital solutions comprising connected factory floor management systems to capture, analyze, and use real time machine performance data to troubleshoot, deliver process and product solutions, prevent equipment downtime, drive operational efficiency, and unlock performance for sustainable production improvements. The company serves life sciences, transportation and mobility, consumer products, food and beverage, electronics, nuclear, packaging, warehousing and distribution, and energy markets. The company was formerly known as ATS Automation Tooling Systems Inc. and changed its name to ATS Corporation in November 2022. ATS Corporation was founded in 1978 and is headquartered in Cambridge, Canada.;tech
ATUS;Altice USA, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides broadband communications and video services under the Optimum brand in the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico, and the Virgin Islands. It provides broadband, video, telephony, and mobile services to residential and business customers. The company's video services include delivery of broadcast stations and cable networks; over the top services; video-on-demand, high-definition channels, digital video recorder, and pay-per-view services; and video programming services. It also provides voice over Internet protocol telephone services; local, regional, and long-distance calling services; and mobile services, such as data, talk, and text. In addition, the company offers Ethernet, data transport, IP-based virtual private networks, Internet access, and telephony services; hosted telephony services, managed Wi-Fi, managed desktop and server backup, and collaboration services comprising audio and web conferencing; fiber-to-the-tower services to wireless carriers; data services, including wide area networking and dedicated data access, and advanced services comprising wireless mesh networks; and enterprise class telephone services that include traditional multi-line phone service. Further, it provides hosted private branch exchange, technical support, network solutions, security and network access and equipment for SMB customers, and international calling and toll-free numbers services. Additionally, the company offers audience-based and multiscreen advertising solutions; news programming services; and data analytics, as well as operates news channels under the News 12 Networks and i24NEWS names. Altice USA, Inc. was incorporated in 2015 and is headquartered in Long Island City, New York.;tech
AUB;Atlantic Union Bankshares Corporation operates as the bank holding company for Atlantic Union Bank that provides banking and related financial products and services to consumers and businesses in the United States. It operates in two segments, Wholesale Banking and Consumer Banking. The company accepts various deposit products, including checking, savings, time deposit, and money market accounts; certificates of deposit; and other depository services. It provides loans for commercial, industrial, residential mortgage, and consumer purposes, as well as debit and credit cards. In addition, it provides treasury management and capital market, wealth management, private banking, trust, financial and retirement planning, brokerage, investment management, equipment finance, mortgage banking, and insurance products and services. The company offers products and services through full-service branches and ATMs, as well as through its mobile and internet banking. The company was formerly known as Union Bankshares Corporation and changed its name to Atlantic Union Bankshares Corporation in May 2019. Atlantic Union Bankshares Corporation was founded in 1902 and is headquartered in Glen Allen, Virginia.;tech
AUNA;Auna S.A., a healthcare service provider, operates hospitals and clinics in Mexico, Peru, and Colombia. The company provides prepaid healthcare plans; and dental and vision insurance plans. It also sells medicines. The company was founded in 1989 and is based in Luxembourg, Luxembourg.;tech
AVA;Avista Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, operates as an electric and natural gas utility company in the United States. It operates through two segments, Avista Utilities and Alaska Electric Light and Power Company (AEL&P). The Avista Utilities segment provides electric distribution and transmission, and natural gas distribution and transmission services in parts of eastern Washington and northern Idaho; and natural gas distribution services in parts of northeastern and southwestern Oregon, as well as generates electricity in Washington, Idaho, Oregon, and Montana. This segment also engages in the supply of electricity to customers in Montana; and wholesale purchase and sale of electricity and natural gas. The AEL&P segment offers electric services in Juneau, Alaska. The company generates electricity through hydroelectric, thermal, wind, and solar generation facilities. As of December 31, 2024, it supplied retail electric services to approximately 422,000 customers; retail natural gas services to approximately 383,000 customers; and electrical energy to approximately 17,800 customers. The company also operated five hydroelectric generation facilities with a capacity of 102.7 MW; and four diesel generating facilities with a capacity of 107.5 MW. In addition, it engages in venture fund investments, real estate investments, and other investments. The company was formerly known as Washington Water Power and changed its name to Avista Corporation in January 1999. Avista Corporation was incorporated in 1889 and is headquartered in Spokane, Washington.;tech
AVAL;Grupo Aval Acciones y Valores S.A. provides a range of financial services and products to public and private sector customers in Colombia and Central America. The company offers traditional deposit services and products, including checking accounts, savings accounts, time deposits, and other deposits. It also provides commercial loans comprising general purpose loans, working capital loans, leases, loans funded by development banks, corporate credit cards, and overdraft loans; consumer loans, such as payroll loans, personal loans, automobile and other vehicle loans, credit cards, overdrafts, leases, and general-purpose loans; and microcredit and mortgage loans. In addition, the company offers pension and severance fund management services; investment banking services, including services relating to capital markets, mergers and acquisitions, and delivering financial consulting services; mobile and online banking services; and bancassurance, insurance, trust, bonded warehousing, real estate escrow, merchandise and document storage and deposit, customs agency, cargo management, surety bond and merchandise distribution, and payment and collection services, as well as provides deposit and lending operations in foreign currencies. Further, it is involved in equity investments in various sectors, including infrastructure, energy and gas, agribusiness, and hospitality; and providing treasury operations. The company was incorporated in 1994 and is headquartered in Bogotá, Colombia.;tech
AVB;AvalonBay Communities, Inc., a member of the S&P 500, is an equity REIT that develops, redevelops, acquires and manages apartment communities in leading metropolitan areas in New England, the New York/New Jersey Metro area, the Mid-Atlantic, the Pacific Northwest, and Northern and Southern California, as well as in the Company's expansion regions of Raleigh-Durham and Charlotte, North Carolina, Southeast Florida, Dallas and Austin, Texas, and Denver, Colorado. As of June 30, 2025, the Company owned or held a direct or indirect ownership interest in 315 apartment communities containing 97,212 apartment homes in 11 states and the District of Columbia, of which 20 communities were under development.;tech
AVBC;Avidia Bancorp, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for Avidia Bank that provides various financial services to individual and corporate customers. It provides savings and checking, certificate of deposit, individual retirement, money market, demand deposit, and interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing checking accounts. The company also offers commercial and industrial loans, one-to four-family residential mortgage loans, home equity loans and second mortgage loans, multi-family mortgage loans, commercial real estate loans, construction and land loans, and consumer loans, as well as land development, business term, and auto loans. In addition, it provides payments processing services, invests in securities, primarily of U.S. Treasury securities, U.S. Government agency securities, and municipal securities. The company was founded in 1869 and is headquartered in Hudson, Massachusetts.;tech
AVNS;Avanos Medical, Inc., a medical technology company, provides medical device solutions in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, and Latin America. It offers digestive health products, such as Mic-Key enteral feeding tubes, Corpak patient feeding solutions, and NeoMed neonatal and pediatric feeding solutions. The company also provides non-opioid pain solutions, including surgical pain and recovery products, which comprise ON-Q and ambIT surgical pain pump, Game Ready cold, and compression therapy systems. In addition, it offers interventional pain solutions, which provide minimally invasive pain-relieving therapies, such as COOLIEF chronic pain products; OrthogenRx knee osteoarthritis hyaluronic acid pain relief injection products; and Trident radiofrequency ablation products to treat chronic pain conditions. The company markets its products directly to hospitals and other healthcare providers, healthcare facilities, and other end-user customers, as well as through third-party wholesale distributors. The company was formerly known as Halyard Health, Inc. and changed its name to Avanos Medical, Inc. in June 2018. Avanos Medical, Inc. was incorporated in 2014 and is headquartered in Alpharetta, Georgia.;tech
AVNT;Avient Corporation operates as a formulator of material solutions in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Europe, South America, and Asia. It operates in two segments, Color, Additives and Inks; and Specialty Engineered Materials. The Color, Additives and Inks segment offers custom color and additive concentrates in solid and liquid form for thermoplastics, dispersions for thermosets, and specialty inks; custom-formulated liquid system, such as polyester, vinyl, natural rubber and latex, polyurethane, and silicone; and proprietary inks. Its products are used in medical and pharmaceutical devices, food packaging, personal care and cosmetics, transportation, building products, wire and cable, recreational and athletic apparel, construction and filtration, outdoor furniture, healthcare, textiles and appliances, and industrial markets. The Specialty Engineered Materials segment provides specialty polymer formulations, services, and solutions for designers, assemblers, and processors of thermoplastic materials. It sells its products through direct sales personnel, distributors, and commissioned sales agents. The company was formerly known as PolyOne Corporation and changed its name to Avient Corporation in June 2020. Avient Corporation was founded in 1885 and is headquartered in Avon Lake, Ohio.;tech
AVTR;Avantor, Inc. engages in the provision of mission-critical products and services to customers in the biopharma, healthcare, education and government, advanced technologies, and applied materials industries in the Americas, Europe, Asia, the Middle East, and Africa. The company offers materials and consumables, such as purity chemicals and reagents, lab products and supplies, formulated silicone materials, customized excipients, customized single-use assemblies, process chromatography resins and columns, analytical sample prep kits, education and microbiology products, clinical trial kits, and fluid handling tips. It also provides equipment and instrumentation products, including filtration systems, virus inactivation systems, incubators, analytical instruments, evaporators, ultra-low-temperature freezers, biological safety cabinets, peristaltic pumps, and critical environment supplies. In addition, the company offers services and specialty procurements comprising onsite lab and production, equipment, procurement and sourcing, and biopharmaceutical material scale-up and development services. Further, it provides scientific research support services, such as DNA extraction, bioreactor servicing, clinical and biorepository, compound management, cleanroom control, monitoring, maintenance, and sanitization services. The company was founded in 1904 and is headquartered in Radnor, Pennsylvania.;tech
AVY;Avery Dennison Corporation operates as a materials science and digital identification solutions company in the United States, Europe, the Middle East, North Africa, Asia, Latin America, and internationally. It provides pressure-sensitive label materials, which consist of papers, plastic films, and metal foils; performance tapes products, including mechanical fasteners, which are precision-extruded and injection-molded plastic devices used in various automotive, general industrial, and retail applications; and other pressure-sensitive adhesive-based materials and converted products under the Fasson, JAC, and Avery Dennison brands. The company also offers graphics and reflective products that include films and other products for the architectural, commercial sign, digital printing, and other related market segments; durable cast and reflective films to the construction, automotive, and fleet transportation markets; sign shops, commercial printers, and designers for a range of pressure-sensitive materials; reflective films for traffic and safety applications; and pressure-sensitive vinyl and specialty materials for digital imaging, screen printing, and sign cutting applications under the Avery Dennison and Mactac brand names. In addition, it provides branding solutions, which include brand embellishments, graphic tickets, tags, labels, and sustainable packaging; and information solutions, such as item-level RFID, visibility and loss prevention, price ticketing and marking, productivity and media, and brand protection and security solutions, as well as care, content, and country of origin compliance solutions. It serves home and personal care, apparel, general retail, e-commerce, logistics, food and grocery, pharmaceuticals, and automotive industries. The company was formerly known as Avery International Corporation and changed its name to Avery Dennison Corporation in 1990. Avery Dennison Corporation was founded in 1935 and is headquartered in Mentor, Ohio.;tech
AWF;AllianceBernstein Global High Income Fund is a close-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by AllianceBernstein L.P. It invests in fixed income markets across the globe. The fund primarily invests in lower-rated corporate debt securities and government bonds. It employs a combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against a composite index comprised of JPMorgan Government Bond Index-Emerging Markets, JPMorgan Emerging Markets Bond Index Global, and the Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Capped Index. It was previously known as Alliance World Dollar Government Fund II, Inc. AllianceBernstein Global High Income Fund was formed on May 20, 1993 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
AWI;Armstrong World Industries, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the design, manufacture, and sale of ceiling and wall solutions in the Americas. It operates through Mineral Fiber and Architectural Specialties segments. The company offers mineral fiber, fiberglass, metal, wood, felt, resin, wood fiber, and glass-reinforced-gypsum; and ceiling component products, such as ceiling perimeters and trims, as well as grid products that support drywall ceiling systems. It also designs, produces, and sources specialty ceilings, walls, and other interior and exterior architectural applications primarily for use in commercial settings; and manufactures ceiling suspension system (grid) products. It serves commercial and residential construction markets, as well as renovation of existing buildings sectors. The company sells its products to resale distributors, ceiling system contractors, wholesalers, and retailers comprising large home centers. Armstrong World Industries, Inc. was founded in 1860 and is headquartered in Lancaster, Pennsylvania.;tech
AWK;American Water Works Company, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides water and wastewater services in the United States. It offers water and wastewater services on military installations; and undertakes contracts with municipal customers, primarily to operate and manage water and wastewater facilities, as well as offers other related services. The company also operates approximately 80 surface water treatment plants; 520 groundwater treatment plants; 190 wastewater treatment plants; 54,500 miles of transmission, distribution, and collection mains and pipes; 1,200 groundwater wells; 1,800 water and wastewater pumping stations; 1,100 treated water storage facilities; and 75 dams. In addition, it offers water and wastewater services to 14 states serving approximately 3.5 million active customers. The company serves residential customers; commercial customers, including food and beverage providers, commercial property developers and proprietors, and energy suppliers; fire service and private fire customers; industrial customers, such as large-scale manufacturers, mining, and production operations; public authorities comprising government buildings and other public sector facilities, such as schools and universities; and other utilities and community water and wastewater systems. American Water Works Company, Inc. was founded in 1886 and is headquartered in Camden, New Jersey.;tech
AWP;Abrdn Global Premier Properties Fund is a closed-end equity mutual fund launched and managed by Alpine Woods Capital Investors, LLC. It invests in the public equity markets across the globe. The fund invests in stocks of companies operating across real estate sectors. It invests in value stocks of companies. The fund employs fundamental analysis with top-down and bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the FTSE EPRA/NAREIT Global TR Index, MSCI US REIT Gross Total Return Index, and S&P Developed BMI Property Index Net TR Index. Abrdn Global Premier Properties Fund was formed on February 13, 2007 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
AXL;American Axle & Manufacturing Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, engineers, and manufactures driveline and metal forming technologies that supports electric, hybrid, and internal combustion vehicles. It operates through two segments, Driveline and Metal Forming segments. The Driveline segment offers front and rear axles, driveshafts, differential assemblies, clutch modules, balance shaft systems, disconnecting driveline technology, and electric and hybrid driveline products and systems for light trucks, sport utility vehicles, crossover vehicles, passenger cars, and commercial vehicles. The Metal Forming segment provides range of products, such as engine, transmission, driveline, and safety-critical components for traditional internal combustion engine and electric vehicle architectures, including light vehicles, commercial vehicles, and off-highway vehicles, as well as products for industrial markets. It operates in North America, Asia, Europe, and South America. The company was founded in 1994 and is headquartered in Detroit, Michigan.;tech
AXP;American Express Company, together with its subsidiaries, operates as integrated payments company in the United States, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, the Asia Pacific, Australia, New Zealand, Latin America, Canada, the Caribbean, and Internationally. It operates through four segments: U.S. Consumer Services, Commercial Services, International Card Services, and Global Merchant and Network Services. The company's products and services include credit card, charge card, banking, and other payment and financing products; network services; expense management products and services; and travel and lifestyle services. It also provides merchant acquisition and processing, servicing and settlement, point-of-sale marketing, and information products and services for merchants; and fraud prevention services, as well as the design and operation of customer loyalty programs. In addition, the company leases and operates lounges at airports. Further, it designs and develops a software to manage company expenses. The company sells its products and services to consumers, small businesses, mid-sized companies, and large corporations through mobile and online applications, affiliate marketing, customer referral programs, third-party service providers and business partners, direct mail, telephone, in-house sales teams, telephone, and direct response advertising. American Express Company was founded in 1850 and is based in New York, New York.;tech
AXR;AMREP Corporation, through its subsidiaries, engages in the real estate business in the United States. It operates through two segments, Land Development and Homebuilding. The company offers land development services, including land and site planning, obtaining of governmental and environmental approvals, installing of utilities and storm drains, ensuring availability of water services, building or improving of roads for land development services, and constructing community amenities; and landscaping services to homebuilders, as well as acquiring lands, and selling of developed and undeveloped lots to homebuilders, and commercial and industrial property developers through brokers. It also builds and sells single-family detached homes and attached homes; offers various home floor plans and elevations; and provides built-to-order homes. In addition, the company owns certain minerals and mineral rights in and under approximately 55,000 surface acres of land in Sandoval County, New Mexico. AMREP Corporation was incorporated in 1955 and is based in Havertown, Pennsylvania.;tech
AXS;AXIS Capital Holdings Limited, through its subsidiaries, provides various specialty insurance and reinsurance products in Bermuda, the United States, and internationally. It operates through two segments, Insurance and Reinsurance. The Insurance segment offers professional insurance products that cover directors' and officers' liability, errors and omissions, employment practices, fiduciary, crime, professional indemnity, medical malpractice, and other financial insurance related coverages for commercial enterprises, financial institutions, not-for-profit organizations, and other professional service providers; and property insurance products for commercial buildings, residential premises, construction projects, property in transit, onshore renewable energy installations, and physical damage and business interruption following an act of terrorism. This segment also provides marine and aviation insurance services for offshore energy, offshore renewable energy, cargo, liability, including kidnap and ransom, fine art, specie, and hull war, hull and liability, and specific war coverage for passenger airlines, cargo operations, general aviation operations, airports, aviation authorities, security firms, and  product manufacturers; personal accident, travel insurance, specialty health products for employer and affinity groups, and pet insurance products; and liability, cyber, and credit and political risk insurance services. The Reinsurance segment offers agriculture, marine and aviation, catastrophe, accidental and health, credit and surety, motor, professional, travel, life, engineering, property, and liability reinsurance products. AXIS Capital Holdings Limited was founded in 2001 and is headquartered in Pembroke, Bermuda.;tech
AXTA;Axalta Coating Systems Ltd., through its subsidiaries, manufactures, markets, and distributes high-performance coatings systems in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, and Latin America. The company operates through two segments, Performance Coatings and Mobility Coatings. It also offers water and solvent-borne products and systems to repair damaged vehicles for independent body shops, multi-shop operators, and original equipment manufacturer (OEM) dealership body shops. In addition, the company provides functional and decorative liquid, and powder coatings for building materials, cabinet, wood and luxury vinyl flooring, and furniture applications under the Imron Industrial, Tufcote Industrial, Corlar Industrial, Strenex Industrial, PercoTop, Voltatex, AquaEC, Durapon, Hydropon, UNRIVALED, Ceranamel, Alesta, Teodur, Nap-Gard, Abcite, and Plascoat brands. Further, it develops and supplies electrocoat, primer, the basecoat, and clearcoat products for OEMs of light and commercial vehicles; and coatings systems for various commercial applications, including HDT, MDT, bus, rail, motorcycles, marine and aviation, trailers, recreational vehicles, and personal sport vehicles under the Imron, Imron Elite, Centari, Rival, Corlar epoxy undercoats, and AquaEC brands. The company also offers products under the Audurra, Abcite, Alesta, AquaEC, Axalta Irus Mix, Axalta Irus Scan, Axalta NextJet, Axalta Nimbus, Centari, Ceranamel, Challenger, Chemophan, ColorNet, Cromax, Cromax Mosaic, Durapon 70, Duxone, Harmonized Coating Technologies, Hydropon, Imron ExcelPro, Imron Elite, Imron, Lutophen, Nap-Gard, Nason, Spies Hecker, Standox, Stollaquid, Syntopal, Syrox, Raptor, Rival, U-POL, and Vermeera brands. The company was formerly known as Axalta Coating Systems Bermuda Co., Ltd. and changed its name to Axalta Coating Systems Ltd. in August 2014. Axalta Coating Systems Ltd. was founded in 1866 and is headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.;tech
AYI;Acuity Inc. provides lighting, lighting controls, building management system, location-aware applications in the United States and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Acuity Brands Lighting and Lighting Controls (ABL); and the Intelligent Spaces Group (ISG). The ABL segment provides commercial, architectural, and specialty lighting solutions, as well as lighting controls and components for various indoor and outdoor applications under the A-Light, Aculux, American Electric Lighting, Cyclone, Dark to Light, eldoLED, Eureka, Gotham, Healthcare Lighting, Holophane, Hydrel, IOTA, Juno, Lithonia Lighting, Luminaire LED, Luminis, Mark Architectural Lighting, nLight, OPTOTRONIC, Peerless, RELOC Wiring Solutions, and Sensor Switch. This segment serves electrical distributors, retail home improvement centers, electric utilities, corporate accounts, original equipment manufacturers, digital retailers, lighting showrooms, and energy service companies. The ISG segment offers building management solutions, such as products for controlling heating, ventilation, air conditioning, lighting, shades, refrigeration, and building access that deliver end-to-end optimization of those building systems; and building management software that enhances building system management and automates labor intensive tasks. This segment serves system integrators, as well as retail stores, airports, and enterprise campuses. It offers its products and solutions under the Atrius, Distech Controls, and KE2 Therm Solutions brands. Acuity Inc. was formerly known as Acuity Brands, Inc. and changed its name to Acuity Inc. in March 2025. Acuity Inc. was incorporated in 2001 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
AZO;AutoZone, Inc. retails and distributes automotive replacement parts and accessories in the United States, Mexico, and Brazil. The company provides various products for cars, sport utility vehicles, vans, and light trucks, including new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories, and non-automotive products. It also offers A/C compressors, batteries and accessories, bearings, belts and hoses, calipers, chassis, clutches, CV axles, engines, fuel pumps, fuses, ignition and lighting products, mufflers, radiators, starters and alternators, thermostats, and water pumps, as well as tire repairs. In addition, the company provides maintenance products, such as antifreeze and windshield washer fluids; brake drums, rotors, shoes, and pads; brake and power steering fluids, and oil and fuel additives; oil and transmission fluids; oil, cabin, air, fuel, and transmission filters; oxygen sensors; paints and accessories; refrigerants and accessories; shock absorbers and struts; spark plugs and wires; and windshield wipers. Further, it offers air fresheners, cell phone accessories, drinks and snacks, floor mats and seat covers, interior and exterior accessories, mirrors, performance products, protectants and cleaners, sealants and adhesives, steering wheel covers, tools, vehicle entertainment systems, and wash and wax products, as well as towing services. Additionally, the company provides a sales program that offers commercial credit and delivery of parts and other products; sells automotive diagnostic, repair, collision, and shop management information software under the ALLDATA brand through alldata.com; Duralast branded products through duralastparts.com; and automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories, and non-automotive products through autozone.com. AutoZone, Inc. was founded in 1979 and is headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee.;tech
AZZ;AZZ Inc. provides hot-dip galvanizing and coil coating solutions in North America. The company offers metal coating solutions for corrosion protection, including hot-dip galvanizing, spin galvanizing, powder coating, anodizing, and plating to the steel fabrication and other industries. It also provides aesthetic and corrosion protective coatings and related value-added services for steel and aluminum coil primarily serving the construction; appliance; heating, ventilation, and air conditioning; container; transportation; and other end markets. The company was incorporated in 1956 and is headquartered in Fort Worth, Texas.;tech
B;Barrick Mining Corporation engages in the exploration, development, production, and sale of mineral properties. The company explores for gold, copper, silver, and energy materials. The company was formerly known as Barrick Gold Corporation and changed its name to Barrick Mining Corporation in May 2025. Barrick Mining Corporation was founded in 1983 and is based in Toronto, Canada.;tech
BA;The Boeing Company, together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, manufactures, sells, services, and supports commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight and launch systems, and services worldwide. The company operates through three segments: Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security; and Global Services. The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces, and markets commercial jet aircraft for passenger and cargo requirements. The Defense, Space & Security segment engages in the research, development, production, and modification of manned and unmanned military aircraft and weapons systems; strategic defense and intelligence systems, which include strategic missile and defense systems, command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance, cyber and information solutions, and intelligence systems; and satellite systems, such as government and commercial satellites, and space exploration. The Global Services segment offers products and services, including supply chain and logistics management, engineering, maintenance and modifications, upgrades and conversions, spare parts, pilot and maintenance training systems and services, technical and maintenance documents, and data analytics and digital services to commercial and defense customers. The Boeing Company was incorporated in 1916 and is based in Arlington, Virginia.;tech
BABA;Alibaba Group Holding Limited, through its subsidiaries, provides technology infrastructure and marketing reach to help merchants, brands, retailers, and other businesses to engage with their users and customers in the People's Republic of China and internationally. It operates digital retail platforms under the Taobao and Tmall names; wholesale marketplaces through 1688.com and Alibaba.com; global e-commerce platform under the AliExpress name; e-commerce platforms under the Lazada, Trendyol, and Daraz names; and consumer-to-consumer community and marketplace under the Tmall Global, Tmall Supermarket, and Xianyu names. The company also operates Cainiao, an e-commerce logistics solution; Ele.me, an on-demand delivery and local services platform; and Amap, a provider of mobile digital map, navigation, and real-time traffic information; Youku, an online video platform; and Damai Entertainment that provides content production, promotion and distribution, performance and event ticketing management, IP-related licensing and operations, cinema ticketing management, and internet data services for the entertainment industry. In addition, it provides elastic computing, storage, network, security, database, big data, cloud native, and Alibaba cloud model studio services; and hardware, software license and installation, and application development and maintenance services, as well as sells membership packages and subscriptions. Further, the company offers Freshippo, a retail platform for groceries and goods; Alibaba Health for medical and healthcare solutions; mobile games under the Lingxi Games name; UC Browser, an information service platform; Quark, an information services platform for young users; Fliggy, an online travel platform; and DingTalk, a collaboration workplace and enterprise management platform. Alibaba Group Holding Limited was incorporated in 1999 and is based in Causeway Bay, Hong Kong.;tech
BAC;Bank of America Corporation, through its subsidiaries, provides various financial products and services for individual consumers, small and middle-market businesses, institutional investors, large corporations, and governments worldwide. The company operates through four segments: Consumer Banking, Global Wealth & Investment Management (GWIM), Global Banking, and Global Markets. The Consumer Banking segment offers traditional and money market savings accounts, certificates of deposit and IRAs, checking accounts, and investment accounts and products; credit and debit cards; residential mortgages and home equity loans; and direct and indirect loans, such as automotive, recreational vehicle, and consumer personal loans. The GWIM segment provides investment management, brokerage, banking, and trust and retirement products and services; wealth management solutions; and customized solutions, including specialty asset management services. The Global Banking segment offers lending products and services, including commercial loans, leases, commitment facilities, trade finance, and commercial real estate and asset-based lending; treasury solutions, such as treasury management, foreign exchange, short-term investing options, and merchant services; working capital management solutions; debt and equity underwriting and distribution, and merger-related and other advisory services; and fixed-income and equity research services. The Global Markets segment provides market-making, financing, securities clearing, settlement, and custody services; securities and derivative products; and risk management products using interest rate, equity, credit, currency and commodity derivatives, foreign exchange, fixed-income, and mortgage-related products. Bank of America Corporation was founded in 1784 and is based in Charlotte, North Carolina.;tech
BAH;Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corporation, a technology company, provides technology solutions using artificial intelligence, cyber, and other technologies for government's cabinet-level departments and commercial customers in the United States and internationally. The company offers artificial intelligence (AI) which creates purpose-built AI solutions that adapt commercial and internally-developed technology to the needs of the federal government; cyber solutions; and legacy systems with cloud-enabled infrastructure, platforms, and applications. It also provides multi-modal data fusion coupled with cyber and AI for intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance, earth observation, and domain awareness/battle management; and quantum information sciences that provides quantum computing, quantum sensing, quantum communications, post-quantum compute readiness, and post-quantum cryptography. Booz Allen Hamilton Holding Corporation was founded in 1914 and is headquartered in McLean, Virginia.;tech
BAK;Braskem S.A., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the manufacture, sale, import, and export of chemicals, petrochemicals, and fuels in Brazil. It produces and sells polyethylene (PE), polypropylene, tertiary-butyl ethyl ether, gasoline, benzene, toluene, xylene, ethylene, propylene, polyvinyl chloride, caustic soda, butadiene, cumene, naphtha, solvents, and condensate; thermoplastic resins; and basic petrochemicals. The company also supplies electricity and other inputs to second-generation producers; and sale of utilities such as steam, water, compressed air and industrial gases, as well as provides industrial services and natural gas. It also operates in the United States, Mexico, Switzerland, Argentina, Germany, Japan, the Netherlands, Singapore, Chile, Spain, Peru, Italy, Luxembourg, China, and internationally. The company was formerly known as Copene Petroquímica do Nordeste S.A. and changed its name to Braskem S.A. in 2002. Braskem S.A. was founded in 1972 and is headquartered in São Paulo, Brazil. Braskem S.A. is a subsidiary of NSP Investimentos S.A. - Em Recuperacao Judicial.;tech
BALL;Ball Corporation supplies aluminum packaging products for the beverage, personal care, and household products industries in the United States, Brazil, and internationally. The company manufactures and sells aluminum beverage containers to fillers of carbonated soft drinks, beer, energy drinks, and other beverages. It manufactures and sells extruded aluminum aerosol containers, recloseable aluminum bottles, aluminum cups, and aluminum slugs. Ball Corporation was founded in 1880 and is headquartered in Westminster, Colorado.;tech
BALY;Bally's Corporation (NYSE: BALY) is a global casino-entertainment company with a growing omni-channel presence. Bally's owns and operates 19 casinos across 11 states, along with a golf course in New York and a horse racetrack in Colorado, and holds OSB licenses in 13 jurisdictions in North America. The acquisition of Aspers Casino in Newcastle, UK, expands its international reach. It also owns Bally Bet, a first-in-class sports betting platform, Bally Casino, a growing iCasino platform, Bally's International Interactive division (formerly Gamesys Group), a leading global interactive gaming operator, and a significant economic stake in Intralot S.A. (ATSE: INLOT), a global lottery management and services business. With 11,500 employees, its casino operations include approximately 17,300 slot machines, 595 table games, and 4,165 hotel rooms. Bally's also has rights to developable land in Las Vegas at the site of the former Tropicana Las Vegas.;tech
BAM;Brookfield Asset Management Ltd. is a private equity firm specializing in acquisitions and growth capital investments. The firm typically invests in renewable power and transition, and infrastructure sectors. Within infrastructure sector, it seeks to invest across the transport, data, utilities and midstream sectors. Within renewable power and transition sector, it seeks to invest in hydro, wind, solar, distributed energy storage and sustainable solutions. It also invests in industrials, infrastructure services and business services sectors. Within business services, it seeks to invest in financial, healthcare, technology and real estate services. The firm is geography-agnostic. was incorporated in 2022 and is based in New York, New York. Brookfield Asset Management Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of Brookfield Corporation.;tech
BANC;Banc of California, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for Banc of California that provides various banking products and services. The company offers deposit products, such as checking, savings, money market, demand, and time deposits; certificates of deposit; retirement accounts; and safe deposit boxes. It also provides real estate loans to professional developers and real estate investors for the acquisition, construction, refinancing, renovation, and on-going operation of commercial real estate properties; commercial real estate mortgage, residential real estate mortgage, and real estate construction and land loans; commercial loans and leases, such as equipment and lender finance, other asset-based, venture capital, secured business, warehouse, and other lending services; small business administration lending; and consumer loans comprising personal, auto, and other loans, as well as home equity and revolving lines of credit. In addition, the company offers international banking, multi-state deposit, and asset and investment management services; automated bill payments; cash and treasury management, foreign exchange, card payment, mobile deposit capture, automated clearing house origination, wire transfer, and direct deposit services; and online, mobile, remote deposit, and telephone banking services. It serves small and middle-market businesses, venture capital and private equity firms, non-profit organizations, business owners, entrepreneurs, professionals, and high-net worth individuals. The company offers its products and services through branches located throughout California; Denver, Colorado; and Durham, North Carolina, as well as through regional offices in the United States. The company was founded in 1941 and is headquartered in Los Angeles, California.;tech
BAP;Credicorp Ltd. provides various financial, insurance, and health services and products in Peru and internationally. It operates through Universal Banking; Insurance and Pensions; Microfinance; and Investment Management and Advisory segments. The Universal Banking segment grants various credits and financial instruments to individuals and legal entities; and various deposits and current accounts. Its Insurance and Pensions segment issues insurance policies to cover losses in commercial property, transport, marine vessels, automobiles, life, health, and pensions; and management services for private pension funds. The Microfinance segment provides management of loans, credits, deposits, and checking accounts for small and microenterprises. Its Investment Management and Advisory segment is involved in provision of brokerage and investment management services for corporations, institutional investors, governments, and foundations; structuring and placement of issues in the primary market; execution and negotiation of transactions in the secondary market; structuring of securitization processes for corporate customers; and management of mutual funds. The company also offers retail, wholesale, and investment banking; treasury; and asset and wealth management, capital markets, and trust services. Credicorp Ltd. was founded in 1889 and is headquartered in Lima, Peru.;tech
BARK;BARK, Inc., a dog-centric company, provides products, services, and content for dogs. The company operates in two segments, Direct to Consumer and Commerce. It provides subscription products, including monthly themed boxes of toys and treats to a dog's home, as well as kibble, treats, chews, toothpastes, sprinkles, broths, bites, hip and joint support products, skin and coat support products, beds, leashes, apparel, and other accessories and products under the BarkBox, Super Chewer, and BARK Bright names. The company also offers air travel experience to dogs under the BARK Air name. The company sells its products through a network of retail partners, as well as directly to consumers. BARK, Inc. was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
BAX;Baxter International Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides a portfolio of healthcare products in the United States. The company operates through three segments: Medical Products and Therapies, Healthcare Systems and Technologies, and Pharmaceuticals. It offers sterile intravenous (IV) solutions; infusion systems and devices; parenteral nutrition therapies; administrative sets; generic injectable pharmaceuticals; surgical hemostat and sealant products; advanced surgical equipment; smart bed systems; patient monitoring and diagnostic technologies; and respiratory health devices, as well as advanced equipment for the surgical space comprising operating room integration technologies, precision positioning devices, and other accessories. The company also provides specialty injectable pharmaceuticals, inhaled anesthetics, and drug compounding services. Its products are used in hospitals, nursing homes, rehabilitation centers, ambulatory surgery centers, doctors' offices, kidney dialysis centers, and patients at home under physician supervision. The company sells its products through direct sales force, independent distributors, drug wholesalers, and specialty pharmacy or other alternate site providers. It has an agreement with Celerity Pharmaceuticals, LLC to develop acute care generic injectable premix and oncolytic products. The company operates in Eastern Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Latin America, Asia, Western Europe, Canada, Japan, Australia, and New Zealand. Baxter International Inc. was incorporated in 1931 and is headquartered in Deerfield, Illinois.;tech
BB;BlackBerry Limited provides intelligent security software and services to enterprises and governments worldwide. The company operates through three segments: Secure Communications, QNX, and Licensing. The company offers BlackBerry Dynamics, a development platform and secure container for mobile applications; BlackBerry Workspaces a secure Enterprise File Sync and Share (EFSS) solution; BlackBerry Messenger (BBM) Enterprise, an enterprise-grade secure instant messaging solution for messaging, voice, and video; BlackBerry SecuSUITE, a multi-OS voice and text messaging solution; BlackBerry AtHoc, a secure networked critical event management solution; and BlackBerry unified endpoint management (UEM) solutions. It also provides BlackBerry Certicom, a patented elliptic curve cryptography, which provides device security, anti-counterfeiting, and product authentication solutions; BlackBerry Radar offers monitoring and telematics solutions for transportation and logistics; and BlackBerry IVY, a vehicle data platform that allows automakers to access vehicle's sensor data and apply machine learning at the edge to generate and share predictive insights and inferences. In addition, the company offers enterprise consulting and engineering consulting services. It is also involved in the patent licensing. The company was formerly known as Research In Motion Limited and changed its name to BlackBerry Limited in July 2013. BlackBerry Limited was incorporated in 1984 and is headquartered in Waterloo, Canada.;tech
BBAI;BigBear.ai Holdings, Inc. provides artificial intelligence-powered decision intelligence solutions. The company offers national security, supply chain management, and digital identity and biometrics solutions. It also provides data ingestion, data enrichment, data processing, artificial intelligence, machine learning, predictive analytics, and predictive visualization solutions and services. The company serves U.S. defense and intelligence agencies, border protection, transportation security, manufacturing, distribution and logistics, travel, entertainment, and tourism sectors. The company was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in Mclean, Virginia.;tech
BBAR;Banco BBVA Argentina S.A. provides various banking products and services to individuals and companies in Argentina. The company provides retail banking products and services, such as checking and savings accounts, time deposits, credit cards financing, consumer and pledge loans, mortgages, insurance, and investment products to individuals; and small and medium-sized enterprises products and services, including financing products, factoring, checking accounts, time deposits, transactional and payroll services, insurance, and investment products to private-sector companies. It also provides corporate and investment banking products and services, such as global transaction services; global markets solutions comprising risk management and securities brokerage; long-term financing products, including project finance and syndicated loans; and corporate finance services comprising mergers and acquisitions, and capital markets advisory services to corporations and multinational companies. In addition, the company offers insurance products, including ATM transactions, homeowners, life and mobile devices, and others, as well as health, bicycle, and scooter insurance. Further, it offers debit card and credit card to its customers. The company was formerly known as BBVA Banco Francés S.A. and changed its name to Banco BBVA Argentina S.A. in July 2019. Banco BBVA Argentina S.A. was incorporated in 1886 and is based in Buenos Aires, Argentina.;tech
BBD;Banco Bradesco S.A., together with its subsidiaries, provides various banking products and services to individuals, corporates, and businesses in Brazil and internationally. The company operates through two segments, Banking and Insurance. It provides current, savings, click, and salary accounts; real estate credit, vehicle financing, payroll loans, mortgage loans, microcredit, leasing, and personal and installment credit; overdraft and agribusiness loans; debit and business cards; financial and security services; consortium products; car, personal accident, dental, travel, and life insurance; investment products; pension products; foreign currency exchange services; capitalization bonds; and internet banking services. The company was founded in 1943 and is headquartered in Osasco, Brazil.;tech
BBDC;Barings BDC, Inc. is a publicly traded, externally managed investment company that has elected to be treated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. It seeks to invest primarily in senior secured loans, first lien debt, unitranche, second lien debt, subordinated debt, equity co-investments and senior secured private debt investments in private middle-market companies that operate across a wide range of industries. It specializes in mezzanine, leveraged buyouts, management buyouts, ESOPs, change of control transactions, acquisition financings, growth financing, and recapitalizations in lower middle market, mature, and later stage companies. It invests in manufacturing and distribution; business services and technology; transportation and logistics; consumer product and services. It invests in United States. It invests in companies with EBITDA of $10 million to $75 million, typically in private equity sponsor backed.;tech
BBDO;Banco Bradesco S.A., together with its subsidiaries, provides various banking products and services to individuals, corporates, and businesses in Brazil and internationally. The company operates through two segments, Banking and Insurance. It provides current, savings, click, and salary accounts; real estate credit, vehicle financing, payroll loans, mortgage loans, microcredit, leasing, and personal and installment credit; overdraft and agribusiness loans; debit and business cards; financial and security services; consortium products; car, personal accident, dental, travel, and life insurance; investment products; pension products; foreign currency exchange services; capitalization bonds; and internet banking services. The company was founded in 1943 and is headquartered in Osasco, Brazil.;tech
BBT;Beacon Financial Corporation operates as the holding company for Beacon Bank & Trust that provides various banking solutions in New England and New York, the United States. The company accepts various deposit products. It also provides commercial, retail, and commercial real estate loans. In addition, the company offers equipment financing, SBA lending, and private wealth services; and cash management, and on-line and mobile banking services. Further, it is involved in the securities investment activities. The company was founded in 1871 and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts.;tech
BBU;Brookfield Business Partners L.P. is a private equity firm specializing in growth capital, divestitures, and acquisitions. The firm typically invests in business services, infrastructure services, construction, energy, and industrials sector. The firm prefers to invest globally. It prefers to take majority controlling stake in companies. The firm seeks returns of at least 15%-20% on its investments. The firm was founded in 2016 and is based in Hamilton, Bermuda. Brookfield Business Partners L.P. operates as a subsidiary of Brookfield Corporation.;tech
BBUC;Brookfield Business Corporation owns and operates services and industrials operations in the United States, Australia, Brazil, the United Kingdom, and internationally. The company provides cloud-based software as a service and technology solutions to dealerships and original equipment manufacturers across automotive and related industries, as well as operates private hospitals. It also offers private sanitation services, such as collection, treatment, and distribution of water and wastewater to a range of residential and governmental customers; and construction services for large scale and complex landmark buildings and social infrastructure. The company was incorporated in 2021 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
BBVA;Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. provides retail banking, wholesale banking, and asset management services primarily in Spain, Mexico, Turkey, South America, rest of Europe, the United States, and Asia. The company offers savings accounts, demand deposits, and time deposits; and residential mortgage, other household, credit card, and enterprises and public sector loans, as well as consumer finance. It provides insurance and asset management business, including corporate, commercial, SME, payment systems, retail, private and investment banking, pension and life insurance, leasing, factoring, and brokerage. The company provides its products through online and mobile channels. Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. was founded in 1857 and is headquartered in Bilbao, Spain.;tech
BBW;Build-A-Bear Workshop, Inc. operates as a multi-channel retailer of plush animals and related products in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Direct-to-Consumer, Commercial, and International Franchising. The company's merchandise comprises various styles of plush products to be stuffed, pre-stuffed plush products, and sounds and scents that can be added to the stuffed animals, as well as range of clothing, shoes and accessories, and other toy and novelty items, including family sleepwear. It operates its stores under the Build-A-Bear Workshop brand name; and sells its products through its e-commerce sites and third-party marketplace sites. Build-A-Bear Workshop, Inc. was founded in 1997 and is headquartered in Saint Louis, Missouri.;tech
BBWI;Bath & Body Works, Inc. operates as a specialty retailer of home fragrance, personal and body care, soaps, and sanitizer products. The company offers body and home fragrances, including 3-wick candles, home fragrance diffusers, fine fragrance mists, liquid hand soaps, body lotions, and body creams. It sells its products under the Bath & Body Works, White Barn, and other brand names through retail stores and e-commerce sites in the United States and Canada, as well as through international stores operated by partners under franchise, license, and wholesale arrangements. The company was formerly known as L Brands, Inc. and changed its name to Bath & Body Works, Inc. in August 2021. Bath & Body Works, Inc. was founded in 1963 and is headquartered in Columbus, Ohio.;tech
BBY;Best Buy Co., Inc. offers technology products and solutions in the United States, Canada, and internationally. It provides computing and mobile phone products, such as desktops, notebooks, and peripherals; mobile phones comprising related mobile network carrier commissions; networking products; tablets covering e-readers; smartwatches; and consumer electronics consisting of digital imaging, health and fitness products, portable audio comprising headphones and portable speakers, and smart home products, as well as home theaters that includes home theater accessories, soundbars, and televisions. The company's stores also offer appliances, such as dishwashers, laundry, ovens, refrigerators, blenders, coffee makers, vacuums, and personal care; entertainment products consisting of drones, peripherals, movies, and toys, as well as hardware and software, and virtual reality and other software products; and other products, such as baby, food and beverage, luggage, and outdoor living products. In addition, it provides delivery, installation, memberships, repair, set-up, technical support, health-related, and warranty-related services. The company offers its products through stores and websites under the Best Buy, Best Buy Ads, Best Buy Business, Best Buy Essentials, Best Buy Health, Current Health, Geek Squad, Imagine That, Insignia, Lively, My Best Buy, My Best Buy Memberships, Pacific Kitchen, Home, TechLiquidators, and Yardbird brand names, as well as domain names comprising bestbuy.com, currenthealth.com, lively.com, techliquidators.com, yardbird.com, bestbuy.ca, and techliquidators.ca. The company was formerly known as Sound of Music, Inc. Best Buy Co., Inc. was incorporated in 1966 and is headquartered in Richfield, Minnesota.;tech
BC;Brunswick Corporation designs, manufactures, and markets recreation products in the United States, Europe, the Asia-Pacific, Canada, and internationally. It operates through four segments: Propulsion, Engine P&A, Navico Group, and Boat. The Propulsion segment provides outboard, sterndrive, inboard engines, propulsion-related controls, rigging, and propellers for boat builders through marine retail dealers under the Mercury, Mercury MerCruiser, Mariner, Mercury Racing, Mercury Diesel, Avator, and Fliteboard brands. The Engine P&A segment offers engine parts and consumables, electrical products, boat parts and systems, and engine oils and lubricants through aftermarket retailers, dealers, distributors, and original equipment manufacturers for marine and non-marine markets under the Mercury, Mercury Precision Parts, Quicksilver, and Seachoice brands; and distributes marine parts and accessories. The Navico Group segment provides products and systems for the marine, recreational vehicle (RV), specialty vehicle, mobile, and industrial markets, as well as aftermarket channels; and marine electronics, sensors, control systems, instruments, power systems, and general accessories under the Ancor, Attwood, B&G, BEP, Blue Sea Systems, C-MAP, CZone, Lenco, Lowrance, Marinco, Mastervolt, MotorGuide, Progressive Industries, ProMariner, RELiON, Simrad, and Whale brand names. The Boat segment offers Sea Ray sport boats and cruisers; Bayliner sport cruisers, runabouts, and Heyday wake boats; Boston Whaler fiberglass offshore boats; Lund fiberglass fishing boats; Crestliner, Harris, Lowe, Lund, Princecraft aluminum fishing, utility, pontoon, and deck boats; Thunder Jet heavy-gauge aluminum boats; Veer recreational and fishing boats; and the freedom boat club, dealer services, and technology to the marine industry through dealers and distributors. Brunswick Corporation was founded in 1845 and is headquartered in Mettawa, Illinois.;tech
BCC;Boise Cascade Company engages in manufacture and sale of engineered wood products (EWP) and plywood, and wholesale distribution of building materials in the United States and Canada. It operates through two segments, Wood Products and Building Materials Distribution. The Wood Products segment manufactures laminated veneer lumber and laminated beams used in headers and beams; I-joists for residential and commercial flooring and roofing systems, and other structural applications; structural, appearance, and industrial grade plywood panels; and ponderosa pine lumber and appearance grade boards. The Building Materials Distribution segment distributes a line of building materials, including oriented strand boards, plywood, and lumber; general line items, such as siding, composite decking, doors and millwork, metal products, insulation, and roofing; and EWP. It markets and sells its products to dealers, home improvement centers, wholesalers, specialty distributors, and industrial converters for use in the construction of new residential housing, repair-and-remodeling of existing housing, construction of light industrial and commercial buildings, and other industrial applications through warehouse and direct sales. Boise Cascade Company was incorporated in 2004 and is headquartered in Boise, Idaho.;tech
BCE;BCE Inc., a communications company, provides wireless, wireline, internet, streaming services, and television (TV) services to residential, business, and wholesale customers in Canada. It operates in two segments: Bell Communication and Technology Services, and Bell Media. The Bell Communication and Technology Services segment provides wireless products and services including mobile data and voice plans, streaming services, and devices; wireline products and services comprising data, including internet access, internet protocol television, cloud-based services and business solutions, as well as voice, and other communication services and products, satellite TV and connectivity services for residential, small and medium-sized business, and large enterprise customers. This segment also buys and sells local telephone, long distance, and data and other services from or to resellers and other carriers; and operates consumer electronics retail stores. The Bell Media segment provides a portfolio of video, audio, out-of-home advertising, and digital media services. BCE Inc. was founded in 1880 and is headquartered in Verdun, Canada.;tech
BCH;Banco de Chile, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a commercial bank that provides banking services in Chile. It operates through four segments: Retail, Wholesale, Treasury, and Subsidiaries. The Retail segment offers checking and demand deposit accounts; debit and credit cards; lines of credit; home mortgage, consumer, commercial, and general-purpose mortgage loans; financial leases; factoring services; mutual fund management and stock brokerage; foreign trade; payments and collections; insurance brokerage; time deposits; savings instruments; and foreign currency services through the network of branches operating under the Banco de Chile and Banco Edwards brands. The Wholesale segment provides short- and long-term commercial loans; working capital loans; lines of credit; corporate credit cards; foreign trade and foreign currency services; factoring services; leasing; long-term syndicated loans; investment banking services; payment services; collection services and connections to international fund transfer networks; checking accounts and deposit products; fund administration; treasury and investment management; derivative contracts; and insurance brokerage services. The Treasury segment offers foreign currency trading, forwards, interest rate swaps, repurchase agreements, investment products based on bonds, mortgage bonds, and deposits; fixed income, foreign exchange, and derivative instruments; and short and long-term senior bonds, and long-term subordinated bonds, as well as manages currency, interest rate, and term mismatches. The Subsidiaries segment provides equities and fixed income brokerage and currency exchange services; life and general insurance, and individual and group policies; investment banking services; and payment solutions. The company was founded in 1893 and is headquartered in Santiago, Chile. Banco de Chile is a subsidiary of LQ Inversiones Financieras S.A.;tech
BCO;The Brink's Company provides cash and valuables management, digital retail solutions, and automated teller machines (ATM) managed services in North America, Latin America, Europe, and internationally. The company offers armored vehicle transportation of valuables; ATM services, such as cash replenishment, treasury management, cash forecasting, cash optimization, ATM remote monitoring, service call dispatching, transaction processing, first and second line maintenance, parts provisioning, and funds settlements and installation services; and digital retail solutions. It also provides pick-up, packaging, customs clearance, secure vault storage, and inventory management; cash management services, including counting, sorting, wrapping, check imaging, cashier balancing, counterfeit detection, account consolidation, and electronic reporting; and guarding, commercial security, and payment services. In addition, the company offers vaulting services by combining cash in transit services, cash management, vaulting and electronic reporting technologies for banks, as well as transportation services for diamonds, jewelry, precious metals, securities, bank notes, currency, high-tech devices, electronics, and pharmaceuticals. It serves financial institutions, retailers, government agencies, mints, jewelers, and other commercial operations. The company was formerly known as The Pittston Company and changed its name to The Brink's Company in May 2003. The Brink's Company was founded in 1859 and is headquartered in Richmond, Virginia;tech
BCS;Barclays PLC provides various financial services in the United Kingdom, Europe, the Americas, Africa, the Middle East, and Asia. The company operates through Barclays UK; Barclays UK Corporate Bank; Barclays Private Bank and Wealth Management; Barclays Investment Bank; and Barclays US Consumer Bank segments. It offers financial services, such as retail banking, credit cards, wholesale banking, investment banking, wealth management, and investment management services, as well as lending products. In addition, the company engages in securities dealing activities and issuing of credit cards. The company was formerly known as Barclays Bank public limited company and changed its name to Barclays PLC in January 1985. Barclays PLC was founded in 1690 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
BCSF;Bain Capital Specialty Finance, Inc. is business development company specializing in direct loans to middle-market companies. The fund seeks to invest in senior investments with a first or second lien on collateral, senior first lien, stretch senior, senior second lien, unitranche, mezzanine debt, junior securities, other junior investments, and secondary purchases of assets or portfolios that primarily consist of middle-market corporate debt. It typically invests in companies with EBITDA between $10 million and $150 million.;tech
BDC;Belden Inc. provides connection solutions to bring data infrastructure into alignment to unlock new possibilities for its customers. It operates through two segments, Smart Infrastructure Solutions and Automation Solutions. The Smart Infrastructure Solutions segment offers copper cable and connectivity solutions, fiber cable and connectivity solutions, interconnect panels, racks and enclosures, and signal extension and matrix switching systems for use in local area networks, data centers, access control, 5G, fiber to the home, and building automation applications. It also provides power, cooling, and airflow management products for mission-critical data center operations; and end-to-end fiber and copper network systems. This segment serves commercial real estate, education, financial, stadiums and venues, military installations, and broadband and wireless service providers, as well as data centers, government, healthcare, and hospitality sectors. The Automation Solutions segment offers network infrastructure and digitization solutions; and products and solutions covering various aspects of data handling, including acquisition, transmission, orchestration, and management for applications in discrete automation, process automation, energy, and mass transit. It sells its products to distributors, end-users, installers, and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). Belden Inc. operates in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia-Pacific. The company was formerly known as Belden CDT Inc. and changed its name to Belden Inc. in May 2007. Belden Inc. was founded in 1902 and is headquartered in Saint Louis, Missouri.;tech
BDJ;BlackRock Enhanced Equity Dividend Trust is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched by BlackRock, Inc. The fund is managed by BlackRock Advisors, LLC. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in dividend paying stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. The fund also invests through derivatives, with an emphasis on option writing. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Russell 1000 Value Index. The fund was formerly known as BlackRock Enhanced Dividend Achievers TM Trust. BlackRock Enhanced Equity Dividend Trust was formed on August 31, 2005 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
BDX;Becton, Dickinson and Company develops, manufactures, and sells medical supplies, devices, laboratory equipment, and diagnostic products for healthcare institutions, physicians, life science researchers, clinical laboratories, pharmaceutical industry, and the general public worldwide. The BD Medical segment provides peripheral intravenous (IV) and advanced peripheral catheters, central lines, acute dialysis catheters, vascular access technology, vascular care and preparation products, needle-free IV connectors and extensions sets, closed-system drug transfer devices, hazardous drug detections, hypodermic syringes and needles, anesthesia needles and trays, enteral syringes, and sharps disposal systems; IV medication safety and infusion therapy delivery systems, medication compounding workflow systems, automated medication dispensing and supply management systems, informatics and analytics and pharmacy automation systems, and medication inventory optimization and tracking systems; hemodynamic monitoring systems; and prefillable drug delivery systems. The BD Life Sciences segment offers specimen and blood collection products; automated blood and tuberculosis culturing, molecular testing, microorganism identification and drug susceptibility, and liquid-based cytology systems, as well as rapid diagnostic assays, microbiology laboratory automation products, and plated media products; and fluorescence-activated cell sorters and analyzers, antibodies and kits, reagent systems, and solutions for single-cell gene expression analysis, as well as clinical oncology, immunological, and transplantation diagnostic/monitoring reagents and analyzers. The BD Interventional segment provides hernia and soft tissue repair, biological and bioresorbable grafts, biosurgery, and other surgical products; surgical infection prevention; peripheral intervention products; and urology and critical care products. The company was founded in 1897 and is headquartered in Franklin Lakes, New Jersey.;tech
BE;Bloom Energy Corporation designs, manufactures, sells, and installs solid-oxide fuel cell systems for on-site power generation in the United States and internationally. It offers Bloom Energy Server, a power generation platform to convert fuel, such as natural gas, biogas, hydrogen, or a blend of these fuels, into electricity through an electrochemical process without combustion. The company also provides Bloom Electrolyzer for producing hydrogen. It sells its products through direct and indirect sales channels to utilities, data centers, agriculture, retail, hospitals, higher education, biotech, and manufacturing industries. The company was formerly known as Ion America Corp. and changed its name to Bloom Energy Corporation in 2006. Bloom Energy Corporation was incorporated in 2001 and is headquartered in San Jose, California.;tech
BEDU;Bright Scholar Education Holdings Limited, an education service provider, operates and provides K-12 schools and complementary education services in China, the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, the United States, and Canada. The company operates through Overseas Schools; Complementary Education Services; and K-12 Operation Services segments. It also offers complementary education services, including camps and after-school programs, and international education consulting services, as well as career counselling and international contest training services. Bright Scholar Education Holdings Limited was founded in 1994 and is based in Cambridge, the United Kingdom.;tech
BEKE;KE Holdings Inc., through its subsidiaries, engages in operating an integrated online and offline platform for housing transactions and services in the People's Republic of China. It operates through five segments: Existing Home Transaction Services, New Home Transaction Services, Home Renovation and Furnishing, Home rental services, and Emerging and Other Services. The company operates Beike, an integrated online and offline platform for housing transactions and services; Lianjia, a real estate brokerage branded store; Agent Cooperation Network, an operating system that fosters reciprocity and bonding among various service providers. It also owns the Deyou brand for connected brokerage stores; and other brands. In addition, the company offers rental property management and operation services; and contract, secure payment, escrow, and other services. KE Holdings Inc. was founded in 2001 and is headquartered in Beijing, the People's Republic of China.;tech
BEN;Franklin Resources, Inc. is a publicly owned asset management holding company. Through its subsidiaries, the firm provides its services to individuals, institutions, pension plans, trusts, and partnerships. It launches equity, fixed income, balanced, and multi-asset mutual funds through its subsidiaries. The firm invests in the public equity, fixed income, and alternative markets. Franklin Resources, Inc. was founded in 1947 and is based in San Mateo, California with an additional office in Calgary, Canada; Dubai, United Arab Emirates; Edinburgh, United Kingdom; Fort Lauderdale, United States; Hyderabad, India; London, United Kingdom; Rancho Cordova, United states; Shanghai, China; Singapore; Stamford, United States; and Vienna, Austria.;tech
BEP;Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. owns a portfolio of renewable power generating facilities in North America, Colombia, and Brazil. The company generates electricity through hydroelectric, wind, solar, distributed generation, and pumped storage; and offers sustainable solutions, such as renewable natural gas, carbon capture and storage, recycling, cogeneration, biomass, nuclear services, eFuels, and power transformation. Brookfield Renewable Partners Limited operates as the general partner of Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. The company was formerly known as Brookfield Renewable Energy Partners L.P. and changed its name to Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P. in May 2016. The company was founded in 1999 and is based in Toronto, Canada.;tech
BEPC;Brookfield Renewable Corporation owns and operates a portfolio of renewable power and sustainable solution assets. The company's portfolio consists of hydroelectric, wind, utility-scale solar, distributed generation, pumped storage, carbon capture and storage, cogeneration, biomass, and eFuels. Its operations consist of approximately 13,948 megawatts of installed hydroelectric, wind, solar, and storage and ancillary capacity located in Brazil, Colombia, North America, and Europe. The company was incorporated in 2019 and is headquartered in New York, New York. Brookfield Renewable Corporation is a subsidiary of Brookfield Renewable Partners L.P.;tech
BFAM;Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. provides early education and childcare, back-up care, educational advisory, and other workplace solutions services for employers and families in the United States, Puerto Rico, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Australia, and India. The company operates in three segments: Full Service Center-Based Child Care, Back-Up Care, and Educational Advisory services. The Full Service Center-Based Child Care segment offers traditional center-based early education and child care, preschool, and elementary education services. The Back-Up Care segment provides center-based back-up child care, in-home child and senior care, school-age programs, camps, tutoring, pet care, and self-sourced reimbursed care services, as well as sittercity, an online marketplace for families and caregivers through early education and child care centers, school-age programs and in-home care providers, the back-up care network, and other providers. The Educational Advisory services segment offers tuition assistance and student loan repayment program management, workforce education, and related educational consulting services, as well as college admissions and college financial advisory services. The company was formerly known as Bright Horizons Solutions Corp. and changed its name to Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. in July 2012. Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc. was founded in 1986 and is headquartered in Newton, Massachusetts.;tech
BFH;Bread Financial Holdings, Inc. provides tech-forward payment and lending solutions to customers and consumer-based industries in North America. It offers credit card and other loans financing services, including risk management solutions, account origination, and funding services for private label and co-brand credit card programs, as well as through Bread partnerships; and Comenity-branded general purpose cash-back credit. The company also manages and services the loans it originates for private label, co-brand, and general-purpose credit card programs, and installment loans and split-pay products; and provides marketing, and data and analytics services. In addition, it offers an enhanced digital suite that includes a unified software development kit, which provides access to its suite of products, as well as promotes credit payment options earlier in the shopping experience. Further, the company through Bread, a digital payments platform and robust suite of application programming interfaces allows merchants and partners to integrate online point-of-sale financing and other digital payment products. It offers its products under the Bread, Bread Financial, Bread Cashback, Bread Rewards, Bread Pay, and Bread Savings brands. The company was formerly known as Alliance Data Systems Corporation and changed its name to Bread Financial Holdings, Inc. in March 2022. Bread Financial Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in 1995 and is headquartered in Columbus, Ohio.;tech
BFLY;Butterfly Network, Inc. develops, manufactures, and commercializes ultrasound imaging solutions in the United States and internationally. The company offers Butterfly iQ+ and iQ3 ultrasound devices that can perform whole-body imaging on a single handheld probe integrated with the clinical workflow, and accessible on a user's smartphone, tablet, and almost any hospital computer system; Butterfly iQ+ Bladder, a specialty product for the bladder scanning market; and Butterfly iQ+ Vet, a handheld ultrasound system designed for veterinarians. It also provides Butterfly system, which includes probes, related accessories, and software subscriptions to healthcare systems, physicians, and healthcare providers. In addition, the company offers cloud-based software solutions to healthcare systems, teleguidance, in-app educational tutorials, and formal education programs through its Butterfly Academy software and Butterfly Certified courses, as well as professional services for large scale deployments; and ScanLab, an education-only app that provides written walkthroughs and reference imagery to guide real-time educational scanning, enhancing the learning process. It sells its products through a direct sales force, distributors, and e-commerce channels. Butterfly Network, Inc. was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Burlington, Massachusetts.;tech
BFS;As of March 31, 2025, 93.9% of the commercial portfolio was leased compared to 94.6% as of March 31, 2024. As of March 31, 2025, excluding The Milton at Twinbrook Quarter, the residential portfolio was 99.3% leased compared to 98.7% as of March 31, 2024. Saul Centers, Inc. is a self-managed, self-administered equity REIT headquartered in Bethesda, Maryland, which currently operates and manages a real estate portfolio of 62 properties, which includes (a) 50 community and neighborhood shopping centers and eight mixed-use properties with approximately 10.2 million square feet of leasable area and (b) four non-operating land and development properties. Over 85% of the Saul Centers' property net operating income is generated by properties in the metropolitan Washington, D.C./Baltimore area.;tech
BG;Bunge Global SA operates as an agribusiness and food company worldwide. It operates through four segments: Agribusiness, Refined and Specialty Oils, Milling, and Sugar and Bioenergy. The Agribusiness segment purchases, stores, transports, processes, and sells agricultural commodities and commodity products, including oilseeds primarily soybeans, rapeseed, canola, and sunflower seeds, as well as grains comprising wheat and corn; and processes oilseeds into vegetable oils and protein meals. This segment offers its products for animal feed manufacturers, livestock producers, wheat and corn millers, and other oilseed processors, as well as third-party edible oil processing and biofuel companies for biofuel production applications. The Refined and Specialty Oils segment sells packaged and bulk oils and fats that comprise cooking oils, shortenings, margarines, mayonnaise, renewable diesel feedstocks, and other products for baked goods companies, snack food producers, confectioners, restaurant chains, foodservice operators, infant nutrition companies, and other food manufacturers, as well as grocery chains, wholesalers, distributors, and other retailers. This segment also refines and fractionates palm oil, palm kernel oil, coconut oil, and shea butter, and olive oil; and produces specialty ingredients derived from vegetable oils, such as lecithin. The Milling segment provides wheat flours and bakery mixes; corn milling products that comprise dry-milled corn meals and flours, wet-milled masa and flours, and flaking and brewer's grits, as well as soy-fortified corn meal, corn-soy blends, and other products; whole grain and fiber ingredients; die-cut pellets; and non-GMO products. The Sugar and Bioenergy segment produces sugar and ethanol; and generates electricity from burning sugarcane bagasse. Bunge Global SA was founded in 1818 and is headquartered in Chesterfield, Missouri.;tech
BGB;Blackstone Strategic Credit 2027 Term Fund is a close ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by GSO / Blackstone Debt Funds Management LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in the loans and other fixed income instruments including first- and second-lien secured loans and high-yield corporate bonds of different maturities. The fund employs fundamental analysis using a research-driven credit analysis approach while focusing on factors like companies which offer attractive risk / return characteristics to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against a composite index comprised of 75% S&P/LSTA Leveraged Loan Index and 25% Barclays US High Yield Index. Blackstone Strategic Credit 2027 Term Fund was formed on September 26, 2012 and is domiciled in United States.;tech
BGH;Babson Capital Global Short Duration High Yield Fund is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Barings LLC. The fund is co-managed by Babson Capital Global Advisors Limited. It invests in fixed income markets across the globe. The fund primarily invests in global high-yield bonds, loans, and other income-producing instruments that are, at the time of purchase, rated below Baa3 by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or below BBB- by Standard & Poor's Rating Services. It seeks to invest in securities with a weighted average portfolio duration of three years or less. The fund employs bottom-up fundamental analysis to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Global Non-Financial High Yield Constrained Index. The fund was formerly known as Babson Capital Global Short Duration High Yield Fund. Babson Capital Global Short Duration High Yield Fund was formed on October 25, 2012 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
BGS;B&G Foods, Inc. manufactures, sells, and distributes a portfolio of shelf-stable and frozen foods, and household products in the United States, Canada, and Puerto Rico. The company's products include frozen and canned vegetables, vegetables, canola and other cooking oils, vegetable shortening, cooking sprays, oatmeal and other hot cereals, fruit spreads, canned meats and beans, bagel chips, spices, seasonings, hot sauces, wine vinegar, maple syrups, molasses, salad dressings, pizza crusts, Mexican-style sauces, dry soups, taco shells and kits, salsas, pickles, peppers, tomato-based products, crackers, baking powder and soda, corn starch, nut clusters, and other specialty products. It markets its products under various brands, including Ac'cent, B&G, B&G Sandwich Toppers, B&M, Baker's Joy, Bear Creek Country Kitchens, Brer Rabbit, Canoleo, Cary's, Clabber Girl, Cream of Rice, Cream of Wheat, Crisco, Dash, Davis, Devonsheer, Don Pepino, Durkee, Grandma's, Green Giant, Joan of Arc, Las Palmas, Le Sueur, MacDonald's, Mama Mary's, Maple Grove Farms of Vermont, McCann's, Molly McButter, New York Flatbreads, New York Style, Old London, Ortega, Polaner, Red Devil, Regina, Sa-són, Sclafani, Spice Islands, Spring Tree, Sugar Twin, Tone's, Trappey's, TrueNorth, Underwood, Vermont Maid, Victoria, and Wright's. The company also sells, markets, and distributes household products under the Static Guard brand. It sells and distributes its products directly, as well as through a network of independent brokers and distributors to supermarket chains, foodservice outlets, mass merchants, warehouse clubs, non-food outlets, and specialty distributors. The company was formerly known as B&G Foods Holdings Corp. and changed its name to B&G Foods, Inc. in October 2004. B&G Foods, Inc. was founded in 1822 and is headquartered in Parsippany, New Jersey.;tech
BGSF;BGSF, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides consulting, managed services, and professional workforce solutions in the United States. It operates in two segments: Property Management and Professional. The Property Management segment offers office and maintenance field talent to various apartment communities and commercial buildings. The Professional segment provides skilled IT professionals in SAP, Workday, Peoplesoft, Hyperion, Oracle, One Stream, cyber, project management, management services, and other IT workforce solutions. This segment also offers finance, accounting, legal, human resource, and related support personnel. It serves its products to fortune 500 companies, and medium and small companies, as well as consulting companies. BGSF, Inc. was formerly known as BG Staffing, Inc. and changed its name to BGSF, Inc. in February 2021. The company was incorporated in 2007 and is based in Plano, Texas.;tech
BGX;Blackstone Long-Short Credit Income Fund is a close-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by The Blackstone Group LP. The fund is managed by GSO / Blackstone Debt Funds Management LLC. It takes both long and short positions to invest in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in loans and fixed-income instruments of corporate issuers, including first and second lien secured loans and high-yield corporate debt securities of varying maturities. The fund seeks to invest in securities rated below investment grade. It employs fundamental analysis using a research-driven credit approach to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against a composite index comprised of 70% S&P/LSTA Leveraged Loan Index and 30% Barclays US High Yield Index. Blackstone Long-Short Credit Income Fund was formed on October 22, 2010 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
BGY;BlackRock Enhanced International Dividend Trust is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched by BlackRock, Inc. The fund is co-managed by BlackRock Advisors, LLC and BlackRock International Limited. It invests in public equity markets across the globe excluding the United States. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. The fund also invests through the use of derivatives, with an emphasis on options writing. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P Global ex-U.S. Broad Market Index. The fund was formerly known as BlackRock International Growth and Income Trust. BlackRock Enhanced International Dividend Trust was formed on May 30, 2007 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
BHC;Bausch Health Companies Inc. operates as a diversified specialty pharmaceutical and medical device company, develops, manufactures, and markets a range of products primarily in gastroenterology, hepatology, neurology, dermatology, generic pharmaceuticals, over-the-counter (OTC) products, aesthetic medical devices, and eye health in the United States and internationally. The company operates through five segments: Salix, International, Solta Medical, Diversified, and Bausch + Lomb. The Salix segment provides gastroenterology products. The International segment sells aesthetic medical devices, branded pharmaceuticals, generic pharmaceuticals, and OTC products. The Solta Medical segment engages in the sale of aesthetic medical devices. The Diversified segment offers pharmaceutical products in the areas of neurology and certain other therapeutic classes; dermatology products; generic pharmaceutical products; and dentistry products. The Bausch + Lomb segment offers products in the areas of vision care, surgical, and ophthalmic pharmaceuticals products. The company was formerly known as Valeant Pharmaceuticals International, Inc. and changed its name to Bausch Health Companies Inc. in July 2018. Bausch Health Companies Inc. is headquartered in Laval, Canada.;tech
BHE;Benchmark Electronics, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, offers product design, engineering services, technology solutions, and manufacturing services in the Americas, Asia, and Europe. The company provides design and engineering services and technology solutions, including new product design, prototype, testing, and related engineering services; and custom test and automation equipment design services. It also offers electronics manufacturing and testing services, such as printed circuit board assembly and test solutions, assembly of subsystems, circuitry and functionality testing of printed assemblies, environmental and stress testing, and component reliability testing; component engineering services; manufacturing defect analysis, in-circuit testing, functional testing, and life cycle testing services, as well as environmental stress tests of assemblies of boards or systems; and failure analysis. In addition, the company provides precision machining and electromechanical assembly services; and subsystem and system integration services, including assembly, configuration, and testing for various industries. Further, it provides value-added support systems; supply chain management solutions; direct order fulfillment; and aftermarket non-warranty services, including repair, replacement, refurbishment, remanufacturing, exchange, systems upgrade, and spare parts manufacturing throughout a product's life cycle. The company serves original equipment manufacturers in the semi-conductor capital equipment, industrial, medical, aerospace and defense, and advanced computing and communications industries. It markets its services and solutions primarily through a direct sales force. The company was formerly known as Electronics, Inc. Benchmark Electronics, Inc. was founded in 1979 and is headquartered in Tempe, Arizona.;tech
BHP;BHP Group Limited operates as a resources company in Australia, Europe, China, Japan, India, South Korea, rest of Asia, North America, South America, and internationally. The company operates through Copper, Iron Ore, and Coal segments. It also engages in the mining of copper, uranium, gold, zinc, lead, molybdenum, silver, iron ore, cobalt, and metallurgical and energy coal. In addition, the company is involved in the mining, smelting, and refining of nickel, as well as potash development activities. Further, it provides towing, freight, marketing and trading, marketing support, finance, administrative, and other services. BHP Group Limited was founded in 1851 and is headquartered in Melbourne, Australia.;tech
BHR;Braemar Hotels & Resorts Inc. is a Maryland corporation formed in April 2013 that invests primarily in high revenue per available room (RevPAR), luxury hotels and resorts. High RevPAR, for purposes of our investment strategy, means RevPAR of at least twice the then-current U.S. national average RevPAR for all hotels as determined by STR, LLC. Two times the U.S. national average was $199 for the year ended December 31, 2024. We have elected to be taxed as a REIT under the Code. We conduct our business and own substantially all of our assets through our operating partnership, Braemar OP. We operate in the direct hotel investment segment of the hotel lodging industry. As of June 30, 2025, we owned interests in 15 hotel properties in seven states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands with 3,807 total rooms, or 3,667 net rooms, excluding those attributable to our joint venture partner. The hotel properties in our current portfolio are predominantly located in U.S. urban markets and resort locations with favorable growth characteristics resulting from multiple demand generators. We own 14 of our hotel properties directly and one hotel property through an investment in a majority-owned consolidated entity. We are advised by Ashford Hospitality Advisors LLC through an advisory agreement. Ashford LLC is a subsidiary of Ashford Inc. All of the hotel properties in our portfolio are currently asset-managed by Ashford LLC. We do not have any employees. All of the services that might be provided by employees are provided to us by Ashford LLC. We do not operate any of our hotel properties directly; instead, we contractually engage hotel management companies to operate them for us under management contracts. As of June 30, 2025, Remington Hospitality, a subsidiary of Ashford Inc., managed five of our 15 hotel properties. Third-party management companies managed the remaining hotel properties. Ashford Inc. also provides other products and services to us or our hotel properties through certain entities in which Ashford Inc. has an ownership interest. These products and services include, but are not limited to, design and construction services, debt placement and related services, broker-dealer and distribution services, audio visual services, real estate advisory and brokerage services, insurance policies covering general liability, workers compensation and business automobile claims, insurance claims services, hypoallergenic premium rooms, watersport activities, travel/transportation services and cash management services.;tech
BHVN;Biohaven Ltd. discovers, develops, and commercializes therapies for immunology, neuroscience, and oncology worldwide. The company develops troriluzole, which is in Phase 3 trial for the treatment of neurological and neuropsychiatric illnesses; taldefgrobep alfa, which is in Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of spinal muscular atrophy and obesity; BHV-7000, a candidate in Phase 3 clinical trial for the treatment of focal and generalized epilepsy, and major depressive disorder; BHV-2100 that is in Phase 2 clinical trial for the treatment of migraines and pain disorders; BHV-1510, which is in Phase ½ trial that targets advanced or metastatic epithelial tumors; and BHV-8000, a product candidate that completed Phase 1 clinical trial for the treatment of Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease, and multiple sclerosis, as well as prevention of amyloid-related imaging abnormalities. It is also developing BHV-1300, which in Phase 1 clinical trial to treat Graves' disease and rheumatoid arthritis; BHV-1400 that is in Phase 1 trial for IgA nephropathy; BHV-1100, which is in Phase 1 trial for multiple myeloma patients; BHV-1600, which is in Phase 1 trial for the treatment of peripartum cardiomyopathy; BHV-1310 that is in preclinical trial for the treatment of generalized myasthenia gravis and other acute exacerbations or flares; BHV-1530, which is in preclinical trial to treat urothelial cancer; BHV-1500 that is in preclinical trial for Hodgkin's lymphoma; and BHV-5500 that blocks glutamate signaling mediated by post-synaptic NMDA receptors. The company has strategic partnerships with Merus N.V., GeneQuantum Healthcare (Suzhou) Co. Ltd., Aimed Bio, Inc., Yale University, Katholieke Universiteit Leuven, Bristol Meyers Squibb, and Hangzhou Highlightll Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd. Biohaven Ltd. was formerly known as Biohaven Research Ltd. and changed its name to Biohaven Ltd. in September 2022. Biohaven Ltd. was incorporated in 2022 and is headquartered in New Haven, Connecticut.;tech
BILL;BILL Holdings, Inc. provides financial operations platform for small and midsize businesses worldwide. It provides software-as-a-service, cloud-based payments, and spend management products, which allow users to automate accounts payable and accounts receivable transactions, as well as enable businesses to connect with their suppliers and/or customers to do business, eliminate expense reports, manage cash flows, and improve back-office efficiency. The company also offers onboarding implementation support, and ongoing support and training services. In addition, the company's artificial intelligence enabled financial software platform provides connections between suppliers and clients. It serves accounting firms, financial institutions, and software provider companies. The company was formerly known as Bill.com Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to BILL Holdings, Inc. in February 2023. BILL Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in 2006 and is headquartered in San Jose, California.;tech
BIO;Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. manufactures and distributes life science research and clinical diagnostic products in the United States, Europe, Asia, Canada, and Latin America. It operates through two segments, Life Science and Clinical Diagnostics. The company develops, manufactures, and markets instruments, systems, reagents, and consumables to separate, purify, characterize, and quantitate biological materials, such as cells, proteins, and nucleic acids used in biopharmaceutical manufacturing, quality control process, food safety, and science education applications. It also designs, manufactures, markets, and supports test systems, informatics systems, test kits, and specialized quality controls for hospitals, diagnostic reference, and transfusion and physician office laboratories. The company offers its products through its direct sales force, as well as through distributors, agents, brokers, and resellers. Bio-Rad Laboratories, Inc. was founded in 1952 and is headquartered in Hercules, California.;tech
BIP;Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P. engages in the utilities, transport, midstream, and data businesses. The Utilities segment operates approximately 2,900 kilometers (km) of electricity transmission lines; 3,900 km of natural gas pipelines; 8.4 million electricity and natural gas connections; 0.7 million long-term contracted sub-metering services; and 2.8 million meters under management. This segment also offers cooling, water heaters, solar, and energy storage solutions; gas distribution; heating, ventilation, air conditioner, and water products, including heating and purification, as well as other home services. The Transport segment consists of infrastructure assets that offers transportation, storage, and handling services for merchandise goods, commodities, and passengers through a network of approximately 21,000 km of track; 5,500 km of track; 9,800 km of rail; 3,300 km of motorways. The Midstream segment provides natural gas transmission, gathering and processing, and storage services through approximately 15,000 km of natural gas transmission pipelines; 570 billion cubic feet of natural gas storage; 16 natural gas and natural gas liquids processing plants; and 10,600 km of gas gathering pipelines, as well as 525,000 tonnes of polypropylene production capacity. The Data segment offers telecommunication, fiber, and data storage services through approximately 3,06,000 operational telecom towers; 28,000 km of fiber optic cables; 3,60,000 fiber-to-the-premise connections; two semiconductor manufacturing foundries; and 70 distributed antenna systems, as well as 140 data centers and 1 gigawatt of critical load capacity and an additional approximate 640 megawatts of contracted capacity. It operates in the United States, Canada, India, the United Kingdom, Brazil, Colombia, France, Australia, Germany, and internationally. The company was incorporated in 2007 and is based in Hamilton, Bermuda.;tech
BIPC;Brookfield Infrastructure Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, owns and operates utility investments in Brazil, the United Kingdom, and internationally. It also engages in the regulated gas and electricity business; and operation of regulated natural gas transmission systems. The company operates approximately 2,000 kilometers of natural gas transportation pipelines in the states of Rio de Janeiro, Sao Paulo, and Minas Gerais, Brazil; 4.7 million gas and electricity connections in the United Kingdom; and a global fleet of approximately 7 million twenty-foot equivalent units (TEUs) intermodal containers under long-term contracts. The company was incorporated in 2019 and is headquartered in New York, New York. Brookfield Infrastructure Corporation is a subsidiary of Brookfield Infrastructure Partners L.P.;tech
BIRK;Birkenstock Holding plc engages in the manufacture and sale of footwear products. It also offers sandals, shoes, closed-toe silhouettes, skincare products, and accessories. The company sells its products through e-commerce sites and a network of owned retail stores, as well as business-to-business channels. It operates in the United States, Brazil, Canada, Mexico, Europe, APMA, and internationally. The company was formerly known as Birkenstock Group Limited. Birkenstock Holding plc was founded in 1774 and is based in London, the United Kingdom. Birkenstock Holding plc operates as a subsidiary of BK LC Lux MidCo S.à r.l.;tech
BK;The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation provides a range of financial products and services in the United States and internationally. It operates through Securities Services, Market and Wealth Services, Investment and Wealth Management, and Other segments. The Securities Services segment offers custody, trust and depositary, accounting, exchange-traded funds, middle-office solutions, transfer agency, services for private equity and real estate funds, foreign exchange, securities lending, liquidity/lending services, and data analytics. This segment also provides trustee, paying agency, fiduciary, escrow and other financial, issuer, and support services for brokers and investors. The Market and Wealth Services segment offers clearing and custody, investment, wealth and retirement solutions, technology and enterprise data management, trading, and prime brokerage services. This segment also provides integrated cash management solutions, including payments, foreign exchange, liquidity management, receivables processing, payables management, and trade finance, as well as U.S. government and global clearing, and tri-party services. The Investment and Wealth Management segment offers investment management strategies, investment products distribution, investment management, custody, wealth and estate planning, private banking, investment, and information management services. The Other segment provides leasing, corporate treasury, derivative and other trading, corporate and bank-owned life insurance, tax credit investment, other corporate investment, and business exit services. The company serves central banks and sovereigns, financial institutions, asset managers, insurance companies, corporations, local authorities and high net-worth individuals, and family offices. The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation was founded in 1784 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
BKD;Brookdale Senior Living Inc. owns, manages, and operates senior living communities in the United States. It operates in three segments: Independent Living, Assisted Living and Memory Care, and Continuing Care Retirement Communities (CCRCs). The Independent Living segment owns or leases communities comprising independent and assisted living units in a single community that are primarily designed for middle to upper income seniors. The Assisted Living and Memory Care segment owns or leases communities consisting of freestanding, multi-story communities and freestanding, single-story communities, which offer housing and 24-hour assistance with activities of daily living for the Company's residents. This segment operates memory care communities for residents with Alzheimer's and other dementias. The CCRCs segment owns or leases communities that provides various living arrangements, such as independent and assisted living, memory care, and skilled nursing; and services to accommodate various levels of physical ability and healthcare needs. It manages communities on behalf of others. The company was incorporated in 2005 and is headquartered in Brentwood, Tennessee.;tech
BKE;The Buckle, Inc. operates as a retailer of casual apparel, footwear, and accessories for men, women, and kids under the Buckle and Buckle Youth brands in the United States. The company markets a selection of brand name casual apparel, including denims, other casual bottoms, tops, sportswear, outerwear, accessories, and footwear, as well as private label merchandise comprising the BKE, Buckle Black, Ace High, Daytrip, Departwest, FITZ + EDDI, Freshwear, Gentry Country, Gilded Intent, Gimmicks, Maven Co-op, J.B. Holt, Modish Rebel, Nova Industries, Outpost Makers, Reclaim, Salvage, Sterling & Stitch, Veece, and Willow & Root brands. It also provides services, such as hemming, gift-packaging, layaways, a guest loyalty program, the Buckle private label credit card, personalized stylist services, and a special-order system that allows stores to obtain specifically requested merchandise from other company stores or from its online order fulfillment center. The company sells its products through its stores, as well as website, buckle.com. The company was formerly known as Mills Clothing, Inc. and changed its name to The Buckle, Inc. in April 1991. The Buckle, Inc. was incorporated in 1948 and is headquartered in Kearney, Nebraska.;tech
BKH;Black Hills Corporation, through its subsidiaries, operates as an electric and natural gas utility company in the United States. The company operates in two segments: Electric Utilities and Gas Utilities. The Electric Utilities segment generates, transmits, and distributes electricity to approximately 225,000 electric utility customers in Colorado, Montana, South Dakota, and Wyoming; and owns and operates 1,394 megawatts of generation capacity, and 9,106 miles of electric transmission and distribution lines. The Gas Utilities segment distributes natural gas to approximately 1,128,000 natural gas utility customers in Arkansas, Colorado, Iowa, Kansas, Nebraska, and Wyoming; owns and operates 4,648 miles of intrastate gas transmission pipelines; 44,524 miles of gas distribution mains and service lines; seven natural gas storage sites; and approximately 50,000 horsepower of compression and 516 miles of gathering lines. It also constructs and maintains customer owned gas infrastructure facilities for gas transportation customers; and provides appliance repair services to residential utility customers, as well as electrical system construction services to large industrial customers. In addition, the company produces electric power through wind, natural gas, and coal-fired generating plants; and coal at its coal mine located near Gillette, Wyoming. Black Hills Corporation was incorporated in 1941 and is headquartered in Rapid City, South Dakota.;tech
BKKT;Bakkt Holdings, Inc. offers software as a service and application programming interface solutions for crypto trading capabilities and loyalty for clients and customers. The company operates Bakkt Crypto, a trading platform to purchase, sell, store, deposit, and withdraw approved crypto assets, as well as transfer supported crypto assets between a custodial wallet maintained by Bakkt Crypto and external wallets; and BakktX, an order matching technology for smart order routing for trade matching. Its platform also offers a range of loyalty solutions, including redemption solutions for various rewards categories comprising travel, gift cards, and merchandise; travel solutions that offer a retail e-commerce booking platform, as well as live agent booking and servicing; and unified shopping experience. The company's client includes financial institutions, fintechs, broker-dealers, neobanks, registered investment advisers, funds, merchants, and other businesses. It markets its products and services using various business-to-business channels, such as direct marketing, including email marketing and targeted digital advertisements; indirect marketing; and its website, blog, and social media platforms. The company offers crypto services in the United States, Latin America, Europe, and Asia. Bakkt Holdings, Inc. was founded in 2018 and is headquartered in Alpharetta, Georgia.;tech
BKSY;BlackSky Technology Inc. operates as a space-based intelligence company in North America, the Middle East, the Asia Pacific, and internationally. The company provides geospatial intelligence, imagery, and related data analytic products and services that include the development, integration, and operation of satellites and software platforms, and ground systems for government and commercial organizations. The company's Spectra software platform processes a range of observations from its satellite constellation and various external data sources, including imaging, radar and radio frequency satellites, environmental sensors, asset tracking sensors, internet-of-things (IoT) connected devices, internet-enabled narrative sources, and various geotemporal data feeds. It also offers a range of services related to object, change and anomaly detection, site monitoring, and enhanced analytics, which helps to detect key pattern of life changes in critical locations, including strategic locations and infrastructure comprising ports, airports, and construction sites; retail activity; commodities stockpiles; and other sites that contain critical commodities and supply chain inventory. In addition, the company develops and delivers satellites and payload systems; and provides professional and engineering services. Its products and services are used in national security, supply chain intelligence, crisis management, critical infrastructure monitoring, economic intelligence, and other applications. BlackSky Technology Inc. was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Herndon, Virginia.;tech
BKU;BankUnited, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for BankUnited, a national banking association that provides a range of banking services in the United States. The company offers deposit products, such as checking, money market deposit, and savings accounts; certificates of deposit; and treasury, commercial loans, payments and cash management services. Its loans portfolio includes commercial loans, including equipment loans, secured and unsecured lines of credit, formula-based lines of credit, owner-occupied commercial real estate term loans and lines of credit, mortgage warehouse lines, subscription finance facilities, letters of credit, commercial credit cards, small business administration and U.S. department of agriculture product offerings, export-import bank financing products, trade finance, and business acquisition finance credit facilities; commercial real estate loans; residential mortgages; and other consumer loans. The company offers loan servicing and deposit transaction processing systems, cloud-based data storage, electronic funds transfer transaction processing, cash management, online banking services, ERP systems and computer and networking infrastructure. It operates through a network of banking centers located in Florida counties and the New York metropolitan area, as well as Dallas, Texas. The company was formerly known as BU Financial Corporation. BankUnited, Inc. was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in Miami Lakes, Florida.;tech
BLCO;Bausch + Lomb Corporation operates as an eye health company in the United States, Puerto Rico, China, France, Japan, Germany, the United Kingdom, Canada, Russia, Spain, Italy, Mexico, Poland, and internationally. It operates in three segments: Vision Care, Pharmaceuticals, and Surgical. The Vision Care segment provides contact lens that covers the spectrum of wearing modalities, including daily disposable and frequently replaced contact lenses; and contact lenses that are indicated for therapeutic use and provides optical correction during healing. It also offers contact lens care products, eye vitamins, mineral supplements, and over-the-counter eye drops that address various conditions, such as eye allergies, conjunctivitis, dry eye, and redness relief. The Pharmaceuticals segment offers proprietary and generic pharmaceutical products for post-operative treatments, as well as for the treatment of glaucoma, eye inflammation, ocular hypertension, dry eyes, and retinal diseases. The Surgical segment provides medical device equipment, consumables, and technologies for the treatment of cataracts, corneal, vitreous, and retinal eye conditions; and intraocular lenses and delivery systems, phacoemulsification equipment, and other surgical instruments and devices for cataract surgery. The company sells its products and services through direct sales forces and independent distributors. Bausch + Lomb Corporation was founded in 1853 and is headquartered in Vaughan, Canada. Bausch + Lomb Corporation operates as a subsidiary of Bausch Health Companies Inc.;tech
BLD;TopBuild Corp., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the installation and distribution of insulation and other building material products to the construction industry. The company operates in two segments, Installation and Specialty Distribution. It provides insulation products and accessories, glass and windows, rain gutters, garage doors, fireplaces, roofing materials, closet shelving, and other products. The company also offers insulation installation services for fiberglass batts and rolls, blown-in loose fill fiberglass, polyurethane spray foam, and blown-in loose fill cellulose applications. In addition, it distributes building and mechanical insulation, insulation accessories, and other building product materials for the residential, commercial, and industrial end markets. The company serves single-family homebuilders, single-family custom builders, multi-family builders, commercial general contractors, remodelers, and individual homeowners, as well as insulation contractors, gutter contractors, weatherization contractors, other contractors, dealers, metal building erectors, and modular home builders. It operates installation branches and distribution centers in the United States and Canada. The company was formerly known as Masco SpinCo Corp. and changed its name to TopBuild Corp. in March 2015. TopBuild Corp. was incorporated in 2015 and is headquartered in Daytona Beach, Florida.;tech
BLDR;Builders FirstSource, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and supplies building materials, manufactured components, and construction services to professional homebuilders, sub-contractors, remodelers, and consumers in the United States. It offers manufactured products, such as wood floor and roof trusses, floor trusses, wall panels, stairs, and engineered wood products under the Ready-Frame brand name; windows and doors comprising interior and exterior door units; millwork includes interior trim and custom features, such as intricate mouldings, stair parts, and columns under the Synboard brand name. The company also provides specialty building products and services, including vinyl, composite and wood siding, exterior trims, metal studs, cement, roofing, insulation, wallboards, ceilings, cabinets, and hardware products; turn-key framing, shell construction, design assistance, and professional installation services; and lumber and lumber sheet goods comprising dimensional lumber, plywood, and oriented strand board products that are used in on-site house framing. In addition, it offers software products, such as drafting, estimating, quoting, and virtual home design services, which provide software solutions to retailers, distributors, manufacturers, and homebuilders. It serves its products to production builders and small custom homebuilders, as well as multi-family builders, repair and remodeling contractors, and light commercial contractors. The company was formerly known as BSL Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to Builders FirstSource, Inc. in October 1999. Builders FirstSource, Inc. was incorporated in 1998 and is based in Irving, Texas.;tech
BLK;BlackRock, Inc. is a publicly owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to institutional, intermediary, and individual investors including corporate, public, union, and industry pension plans, insurance companies, third-party mutual funds, endowments, public institutions, governments, foundations, charities, sovereign wealth funds, corporations, official institutions, and banks. It also provides global risk management and advisory services. The firm manages separate client-focused equity, fixed income, and balanced portfolios. It also launches and manages open-end and closed-end mutual funds, offshore funds, unit trusts, and alternative investment vehicles including structured funds. The firm launches equity, fixed income, balanced, and real estate mutual funds. It also launches equity, fixed income, balanced, currency, commodity, and multi-asset exchange traded funds. The firm also launches and manages hedge funds. It invests in the public equity, fixed income, real estate, currency, commodity, and alternative markets across the globe. The firm primarily invests in growth and value stocks of small-cap, mid-cap, SMID-cap, large-cap, and multi-cap companies. It also invests in dividend-paying equity securities. The firm invests in investment grade municipal securities, government securities including securities issued or guaranteed by a government or a government agency or instrumentality, corporate bonds, and asset-backed and mortgage-backed securities. It employs fundamental and quantitative analysis with a focus on bottom-up and top-down approach to make its investments. The firm employs liquidity, asset allocation, balanced, real estate, and alternative strategies to make its investments. In real estate sector, it seeks to invest in Poland and Germany. The firm benchmarks the performance of its portfolios against various S&P, Russell, Barclays, MSCI, Citigroup, and Merrill Lynch indices. BlackRock, Inc. was founded in 1988 and is based in New York, New York with additional offices in Atlanta, Georgia; Boston, Massachusetts; Chicago, Illinois; Dallas, Texas; Denver, Colorado; Greenwich, Connecticut; Houston, Texas; Miami, Florida; Newport Beach, California; Palo Alto, California; Philadelphia, Pennsylvania; Princeton, New Jersey; San Francisco, California; Santa Monica, California; Seattle, Washington; Washington, DC; West Palm Beach, Florida; Wilmington, Delaware; Mexico; Canada; South Africa; Netherlands; Greece; Serbia; Belgium; Hungary; Denmark; Ireland; Scotland; Germany; Switzerland; England; Luxembourg; Spain; Italy; France; Sweden; Austria; India; China; Australia; Hong Kong; South Korea; Singapore; Taiwan; Japan; Colombia; Argentina; Peru; Chile; Brazil; UAE; Saudi Arabia; Israel.;tech
BLND;Blend Labs, Inc. provides a cloud-based software platform for financial services firms in the United States. It operates in two segments, Blend Platform and Title. The company offers a suite of products that powers digital-first consumer journeys for mortgages, home equity loans and lines of credit, vehicle loans, personal loans, credit cards, and deposit accounts; and a suite of add-on products that offers to enhance consumers' journeys to homeownership, such as close, income verification for mortgage and home equity, homeowners' insurance, and title. It also provides Blend Builder to configure or build custom workflows from a pre-built set of components; verification components to automate confirmation tasks that are needed to underwrite a loan or approve the opening of a new deposit account; decisioning components to reduce the need for human intervention by automatically applying business rules throughout an application workflow configured by a financial services firm; and workflow intelligence components to manage data collection and automate tasks throughout the loan origination process. In addition, the company offers title search procedures for title insurance policies, escrow, and other closing and settlement services; and other trustee services, as well as professional and consulting services. It serves banks, credit unions, fintechs, and other non-bank mortgage lenders. The company was incorporated in 2012 and is headquartered in Novato, California.;tech
BLSH;Bullish provides market infrastructure and information services in United States. It operates Bullish Exchange, a digital assets spot and derivatives exchange that integrates a central limit order book matching engine with automated market making to provide deep and predictable liquidity. The company also offers CoinDesk Indices, a collection of tradable proprietary and single-asset benchmarks and indices that track the performance of digital assets for global institutions in the digital assets and traditional finance industries; CoinDesk Data, a comprehensive suite of digital assets market data and analytics, providing real-time insights into prices, trends, and market dynamics; and CoinDesk Insights, operates Coindesk.com, a leading digital media platform that covers news and insights about digital assets, the underlying markets, policy, and blockchain technology. Bullish was founded in 2020 and is based in George Town, Cayman Islands.;tech
BLW;BlackRock Limited Duration Income Trust is a close ended fixed income mutual fund launched by BlackRock, Inc. It is managed by BlackRock Advisors, LLC. The fund invests in fixed income securities of the United States. It invests in securities of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund primarily invests in investment grade corporate bonds, mortgage-related securities, asset-backed securities, US Government and agency securities, and senior, secured floating rate loans. It has an average portfolio duration of less than five years. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Lehman Brothers U.S. Aggregate Index. BlackRock Limited Duration Income Trust was formed on July 31, 2003 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
BLX;Banco Latinoamericano de Comercio Exterior, S. A., a multinational bank, engages in financing of foreign trade and economic integration in Latin America and the Caribbean. It operates through two segments, Commercial and Treasury. The company accepts deposits. It also offers products and services, such as origination of bilateral short- and medium-term loans, structured and syndicated credits, and loan commitments; financial guarantee contracts, including issued and confirmed letters of credit, stand-by letters of credit, guarantees covering commercial risk, and other assets of customers' liabilities under acceptances; and co-financing arrangements, underwriting of syndicated credit facilities, structured trade financing in the form of factoring and vendor financing, and financial leasing. In addition, the company is involved in investment management activities, including securities at fair value through other comprehensive income and amortized cost. It serves financial institutions, corporations, sovereigns, and state-owned entities. The company was formerly known as Banco Latinoamericano de Exportaciones, S.A. and changed its name to Banco Latinoamericano de Comercio Exterior, S. A. in June 2009. Banco Latinoamericano de Comercio Exterior, S. A. was founded in 1975 and is headquartered in Panama City, the Republic of Panama.;tech
BMA;Banco Macro S.A. provides various banking products and services to retail and corporate customers in Argentina. It offers various retail banking products and services, such as savings and checking accounts, time deposits, credit and debit cards, consumer finance loans, mortgage loans, automobile loans, overdrafts, credit-related services, home and car insurance coverage, tax collection, utility payments, automated teller machines, and money transfers. The company also provides personal loans, document discounts, residential mortgages, overdrafts, pledged loans, and credit card loans to retail customers. In addition, it offers corporate banking products and services, including deposits, lending, check cashing advances and factoring, guaranteed loans, credit lines for financing foreign trade, and cash management services; and trust, payroll, and financial agency services, as well as corporate credit cards and other specialty products; and working capital facilities, credit for investment projects, and leasing and foreign trade transactions. Further, the company provides transaction services, such as cash management, collection services, payments to suppliers, payroll services, foreign exchange transactions, and foreign trade services; information services comprising Datanet and Interpymes services to corporate customers; and Internet and mobile banking services. Additionally, it offers short-term and medium-to-long-term corporate lending products. Banco Macro S.A. was incorporated in 1966 and is headquartered in Buenos Aires, Argentina.;tech
BME;BlackRock Health Sciences Trust is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched by BlackRock, Inc. The fund is managed by BlackRock Advisors, LLC. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating in the health sciences and related sectors, which include businesses involved in researching, developing, producing, distributing or delivering medical, dental, optical, pharmaceutical or biotechnology products, supplies, equipment, or services. It also invests through equity derivatives, with an emphasis on option writing. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Russell 3000 Healthcare Index. BlackRock Health Sciences Trust was formed on March 31, 2005 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
BMI;Badger Meter, Inc. manufactures and markets flow measurement, quality, control, and communication solutions worldwide. It offers Utility water smart metering solutions and software technologies and services to municipal water utilities market. The company also provides flow instrumentation products, including meters, valves, and other sensing instruments to measure and control fluids going through a pipe or pipeline, including water, air, steam, and other liquids and gases to original equipment manufacturers as the primary flow measurement device within a product or system, as well as through manufacturers' representatives. In addition, the company offers ORION Cellular endpoints to power network as a service; ORION mobile read endpoints support for deploying AMR solution; radio products; hardware, instruments, and sensors, and related software, to enhance connected data to a water utility's operation; water quality monitoring solutions, including optical sensing and electrochemical instruments; and high frequency pressure and leak detection sensors to aid in burst pipe and leak events; as well as BEACON, a secure cloud-hosted software suite that establishes alerts for specific conditions and allows consumer engagement tools that permit end water customers to view and manage their water usage activity. Its flow instrumentation products are used in water/wastewater, heating, ventilating and air conditioning, and corporate sustainability markets. The company serves water utilities, commercial, and industrial industries; and provides training, project management, technical support, and other collaborative services for customers. It sells its products and software directly, as well as through resellers and representatives. The company was incorporated in 1905 and is based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.;tech
BMO;Bank of Montreal engages in the provision of diversified financial services primarily in North America. The company operates through Canadian P&C, U.S P&C, BMO Wealth Management, and BMO Capital Markets segments. It's personal banking products and services include deposits, home lending, consumer credit, small business lending, credit cards, cash management, financial and investment advice, and other banking services; and commercial banking products and services comprise various of financing options and treasury and payment solutions, as well as risk management products. It also offers investing, banking, and wealth management advisory; digital investing services; financial solutions for individuals, families, and businesses; offers investment management services to institutional, retail, and high net worth investors; and diversified insurance, and wealth and pension de-risking solutions. In addition, the company provides individual life, critical illness and annuity products, as well as segregated funds, and group creditor and travel insurance to customers; debt and equity capital-raising, loan origination and syndication, balance sheet management, treasury management, mergers and acquisitions advice, restructurings and recapitalizations, trade finance, and risk mitigation services, as well as a range of banking and other operating services. Further, the company offers research and access to financial markets for institutional, corporate and retail clients through an integrated suite of sales and trading solutions related to debt, foreign exchange, interest rates, credit, equities, securitization, and commodities; provides new product development and origination services, as well as risk management and advisory services for hedging strategies, including in interest rates, foreign exchange rates and commodities prices; and funding and liquidity management services. Bank of Montreal was founded in 1817 and is headquartered in Montreal, Canada.;tech
BMY;Bristol-Myers Squibb Company discovers, develops, licenses, manufactures, markets, distributes, and sells biopharmaceutical products worldwide. It offers products for oncology, hematology, immunology, cardiovascular, neuroscience, and other areas. The company's products include Eliquis for reduction in risk of stroke/systemic embolism in non-valvular atrial fibrillation and for the treatment of DVT/PE; Opdivo for various anti-cancer indications; Pomalyst/Imnovid for multiple myeloma; Orencia for active rheumatoid arthritis and psoriatic arthritis; and Sprycel to treat patients with Philadelphia chromosome-positive chronic myeloid leukemia. It also provides Yervoy for the treatment of patients with unresectable or metastatic melanoma; Empliciti for the treatment of relapsed/refractory multiple myeloma; Abecma for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory multiple myeloma; Reblozyl to treat anemia; Opdualag for the treatment of unresectable or metastatic melanoma; and Zeposia to treat relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis. In addition, the company offers Breyanzi for the treatment of patients with relapsed or refractory large B-cell lymphoma; Cobenfy to treat schizophrenia in adults; Krazati for the treatment of adult patients with KRASG12C-mutated locally advanced or metastatic non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC); Camzyos to treat symptomatic obstructive HCM to improve functional capacity and symptom; Sotyktu for the treatment of moderate-to-severe plaque psoriasis; Augtyro for the treatment of locally advanced or metastatic ROS1-positive NSCLC; Revlimid, an oral immunomodulatory drug to treat multiple myeloma; and Abraxane for the treatment of breast cancer, NSCLC and pancreatic cancer. It sells products to wholesalers, distributors, pharmacies, retailers, hospitals, clinics, and government agencies. The company was formerly known as Bristol-Myers Company. Bristol-Myers Squibb Company was founded in 1887 and is headquartered in Princeton, New Jersey.;tech
BN;Brookfield Corporation is an alternative asset manager and REIT/Real Estate Investment Manager firm focuses on real estate, renewable power, infrastructure and venture capital and private equity assets. It manages a range of public and private investment products and services for institutional and retail clients. It typically makes investments in sizeable, premier assets across geographies and asset classes. It invests both its own capital as well as capital from other investors. Within private equity and venture capital, it focuses on acquisition, early ventures, control buyouts and financially distressed, buyouts and corporate carve-outs, recapitalizations, convertible, senior and mezzanine financings, operational and capital structure restructuring, strategic re-direction, turnaround, and under-performing midmarket companies. It invests in both public debt and equity markets. It invests in private equity sectors with focus on Business Services include infrastructure, healthcare, road fuel distribution and marketing, construction and real estate; Industrials include manufacturers of automotive batteries, graphite electrodes, returnable plastic packaging, and sanitation management and development; and Residential/ infrastructure services. It targets companies which likely possess underlying real assets, primarily in sectors such as industrial products, building materials, metals, mining, homebuilding, oil and gas, paper and packaging, manufacturing and forest product sectors. It invests globally with focus on North America including Brazil, the United States, Canada; Europe; and Australia; and Asia-Pacific. The firm considers equity investments in the range of $2 million to $500 million. It has a four-year investment period and a 10-year term with two one-year extensions. The firm prefers to take minority stake and majority stake. Brookfield Corporation was founded in 1997 and based in Toronto, Canada with additional offices across Northern America; South America; Europe; Middle East and Asia.;tech
BNED;Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. operates bookstores for college and university campuses, and K-12 institutions primarily in the United States. It operates in two segments, Retail and Wholesale. The company sells and rents new and used print textbooks, digital textbooks, and publisher hosted digital courseware through physical and virtual bookstores, as well as directly to students through Textbooks.com. In addition, it offers First Day and First Day Complete access programs; and general merchandise, including collegiate and athletic apparel, school spirit products, lifestyle and wellness products, technology products, supplies, graduation products, and convenience items. Further, the company sources, sells, and distributes new and used textbooks; and sells hardware and a software suite of applications that provides inventory management and point-of-sale solutions to college bookstores. Additionally, it offers direct-to-student services. The company operates physical college and university bookstores; virtual bookstores; True Spirit e-commerce websites; pop-up retail locations; customized cafés and stand-alone convenience stores; and a media channel for brands targeting the college demographic. Barnes & Noble Education, Inc. was founded in 1965 and is headquartered in Basking Ridge, New Jersey.;tech
BNL;BNL is an industrial-focused, diversified net lease REIT that invests in primarily single-tenant commercial real estate properties that are net leased on a long-term basis to a diversified group of tenants. Utilizing an investment strategy underpinned by strong fundamental credit analysis and prudent real estate underwriting, as of March 31, 2025, BNL's diversified portfolio consisted of 769 individual net leased commercial properties with 762 properties located in 44 U.S. states and seven properties located in four Canadian provinces across the industrial, retail, and other property types.;tech
BNS;The Bank of Nova Scotia provides various banking products and services in Canada, the United States, Mexico, Peru, Chile, Colombia, the Caribbean and Central America, and internationally. It operates through Canadian Banking, International Banking, Global Wealth Management, and Global Banking and Markets segments. The company offers financial advice and solutions, and banking products, including debit and credit cards, chequing and saving accounts, investments, mortgages, loans, and insurance to individuals; and retail automotive financing solutions. It also provides business banking solutions comprising lending, deposit, cash management, and trade finance solutions to small, medium, and large businesses. In addition, it provides wealth management advice and solutions, including online brokerage, mobile investment, full-service brokerage, trust, private banking, and private investment counsel services; and retail mutual funds, exchange traded funds, liquid alternatives, and institutional funds. The company was founded in 1832 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.;tech
BNT;Brookfield Wealth Solutions Ltd., through its subsidiaries, provides retirement services, wealth protection products, and capital solutions to individuals and institutions. It operates through Annuities, Property and Casualty (P&C), Life Insurance segments. The Annuities segment offers retail and institutional annuities, including fixed index, fixed rate, single premium immediate, and variable annuities, as well as pension risk transfer. The P&C segment provides specialty casualty, construction defect, general liability, commercial multi-peril, workers compensation, product and environmental liability, and auto liability. The Life Insurance segment offers whole life, universal life, and variable universal life insurance products. The company was formerly known as Brookfield Reinsurance Ltd. and changed its name to Brookfield Wealth Solutions Ltd. in September 2024. Brookfield Wealth Solutions Ltd. was incorporated in 2020 and is headquartered in Pembroke, Bermuda.;tech
BOE;BlackRock Enhanced Global Dividend Trust is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched by BlackRock, Inc. The fund is co-managed by BlackRock Advisors, LLC and BlackRock International Limited. It invests in public equity markets across the globe. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. The fund also invests through derivatives, with an emphasis on options on equity securities or indices. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P Global Broad Market Index. The fund was formerly known as BlackRock Global Opportunities Equity Trust. BlackRock Enhanced Global Dividend Trust was formed on May 31, 2005 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
BOH;Bank of Hawaii Corporation operates as the bank holding company for Bank of Hawaii that provides various financial products and services in Hawaii, Guam, and other Pacific Islands. It operates through three segments: Consumer Banking, Commercial Banking, and Treasury and Other. The Consumer Banking segment offers checking, savings, and time deposit accounts; residential mortgage loans, home equity lines of credit, automobile loans and leases, overdraft lines of credit, installment loans, small business loans and leases, and credit cards; private and international client banking, investment, credit, and trust services to individuals and families, and high-net-worth individuals; investment management; and institutional investment advisory services to corporations, government entities, and foundations. This segment also provides brokerage and insurance offerings, including equities, mutual funds, life insurance, and annuity products. The Commercial Banking segment offers commercial and industrial loans, commercial real estate loans, commercial lease financing, auto dealer financing, and deposit products; and international banking, cash management, and merchant services to middle-market and large companies, and government entities. This segment also provides commercial real estate mortgages to investors, developers, and builders. The Treasury and Other segment offers corporate asset and liability management services, including interest rate risk management and foreign exchange services. Bank of Hawaii Corporation was founded in 1897 and is headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii.;tech
BOOT;Boot Barn Holdings, Inc. operates specialty retail stores in the United States and internationally. The company's specialty retail stores offer western and work-related footwear, apparel, and accessories for men, women, and kids. It offers boots, shirts, jackets, hats, belts and belt buckles, handbags, western-style jewelry, rugged footwear, outerwear, overalls, denim, safety-toe boots, and flame-resistant and high-visibility clothing, as well as gifts and home merchandise under the Shyanne, Cody James, Moonshine Spirit, Idyllwind, Hawx, Cody James Work, Cleo + Wolf, Brothers & Sons, Rank 45, Blue Ranchwear, and Cody James Black 1978 brands. The company also sells its products through websites, including bootbarn.com, sheplers.com, countryoutfitter.com, and idyllwind.com, as well as third-party marketplaces. The company was formerly known as WW Top Investment Corporation and changed its name to Boot Barn Holdings, Inc. in June 2014. Boot Barn Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1978 and is based in Irvine, California.;tech
BOW;Bowhead Specialty Holdings Inc. provides commercial specialty property and casualty insurance products in the United States. It underwrites casualty insurance solutions for risks in the construction, distribution, heavy manufacturing, real estate, and hospitality segments; professional liability insurance solutions, including directors and officers liability, errors and omissions liability, employment practices liability, fiduciary liability, fidelity liability and miscellaneous professional liability, crime insurance, and cyber for financial institutions; and healthcare solutions for hospitals, senior care providers, managed care organizations, miscellaneous medical facilities, and management liability segments. In addition, it offers Baleen Specialty, a technology-powered underwriting operation, that specializes in small to mid-sized risks that are not eligible in the admitted market. The company distributes its products through distribution partners in wholesale and retail markets. Bowhead Specialty Holdings Inc. was formerly known as Bowhead Holdings Inc. and changed its name to Bowhead Specialty Holdings Inc. in March 2024. The company was founded in 2020 and is based in New York, New York.;tech
BOX;Box, Inc. provides a cloud content management platform that enables organizations of various sizes to manage and share their content from anywhere on any device in the United States and Japan. The company's Software-as-a-Service platform enables users to work with their content as they need from secure external collaboration, workspaces to e-signature processes, and content workflows improving employee productivity and accelerating business processes. It also offers web, mobile, and desktop applications of its solutions on a platform, as well as the ability to develop custom applications. The company was formerly known as Box.net, Inc. and changed its name to Box, Inc. in November 2011. Box, Inc. was incorporated in 2005 and is headquartered in Redwood City, California.;tech
BP;BP p.l.c., an integrated energy company, provides carbon products and services. The company operates through Gas & Low Carbon Energy, Oil Production & Operations, and Customers & Products segments. It engages in the production of natural gas and integrated gas and power; gas trading; operation of solar and onshore and offshore wind power, as well as hydrogen and carbon capture, power trading, and storage facilities; trading and marketing of renewable and non-renewable power; and production of crude oil. The company is also involved in convenience and retail fuel, EV charging, Castrol lubricant, aviation, B2B, and midstream businesses; refining and oil trading; and bioenergy business. BP p.l.c. was founded in 1908 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
BR;Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. provides investor communications and technology-driven solutions for the financial services industry in the United States and internationally. The company's Investor Communication Solutions segment handles the proxy materials distribution and voting processes for bank, broker-dealer, corporate issuer, and fund clients; and provides fund manager and a range of other regulatory communication solutions. The segment also offers ProxyEdge, an electronic proxy delivery and voting solution; data-driven solutions and an end-to-end platform for content management, composition, and omni-channel distribution of regulatory, marketing, and transactional information, as well as mutual fund and exchange-traded funds trade processing services; data and analytics solutions; annual SEC filing and capital markets transaction services; registrar, stock transfer, and record-keeping services; and omni-channel customer communications solutions, as well as operates Broadridge Communications Cloud platform that creates, delivers, and manages communications and customer engagement activities. The Global Technology and Operations segment provides solutions that automate the front-to-back transaction lifecycle of equity, mutual fund, fixed income, foreign exchange and exchange-traded derivatives, order capture and execution, trade confirmation, margin, cash management, clearing and settlement, reference data management, reconciliations, securities financing and collateral management, asset servicing, compliance and regulatory reporting, portfolio accounting, and custody-related services. This segment also offers business process outsourcing services; technology solutions, such portfolio management, compliance, fee billing, and operational support solutions; and capital market and wealth and investment management solutions. The company was founded in 1962 and is headquartered in Lake Success, New York.;tech
BRBR;BellRing Brands, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides various nutrition products in the United States. The company offers ready-to-drink (RTD) protein shakes, other RTD beverages, protein powders, nutrition bars, and other products primarily under the Premier Protein and Dymatize brands. It distributes its products through club, food, drug, mass, eCommerce, specialty, and convenience channels. BellRing Brands, Inc. was incorporated in 2019 and is headquartered in Saint Louis, Missouri.;tech
BRC;Brady Corporation manufactures and supplies identification solutions and workplace safety products that identify and protect premises, products, and people in the Americas, Asia, Europe, and Australia. The company offers safety signs, traffic signs and control products, floor-marking tapes, pipe markers, labeling systems, spill control products, lockout/tagout devices, personal protection equipment, first aid products, and software and services for safety compliance auditing, procedures writing, and training; materials, radio frequency identification and barcode scanners for product identification, direct part marking, engraving equipment, brand protection labeling, work in process labeling, finished product identification, asset tracking labels, asset tags, and industrial track and trace applications; and handheld printers, wire markers, sleeves, and tags. It also provides wristbands, labels, printing systems, and other products used in hospital, laboratory, and other healthcare settings for tracking and improving the safety of patients; and badges, lanyards, rigid card printing systems, and access control software. The company serves industrial manufacturing, electronic manufacturing, healthcare, chemical, oil, gas, alternative energy, automotive, aerospace, governments, mass transit, mechanical contractors, construction, utilities, education, leisure and entertainment, retail and telecommunications, and others. The Company markets and sells its products through multiple channels, including distributors, a direct sales force, and digital channels. Brady Corporation was incorporated in 1914 and is based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.;tech
BRFS;BRF S.A. raises, produces, and slaughters poultry and pork for processing, production, and sale of fresh meat, processed products, pasta, margarine, pet food, and other products. The company offers frozen whole and cut chicken, frozen pork, and turkey, and halal products for Islamic markets; processed foods, such as marinated, frozen, seasoned whole, and cut chicken, roosters, sausages, ham products, bologna, frankfurters, salamis, bacons, cold meats, and other smoked products; hamburgers, steaks, breaded meat products, kibbeh, and meatballs; and chicken sausages, hot dogs, and chicken bologna. It produces and sells lasagna, macaroni and cheese, pies, ready-to-eat meals, pizzas, and other frozen foods; nuggets, pies, vegetables, and burgers; frozen desserts and cheese bread; margarine, butter, cream cheese, sweet specialties, sandwiches, and pate, as well as soy meal, refined soy flour, animal feed, pet food and hatcheries. The company sells its products under the Sadia, Perdigão, Qualy, Sadia Halal, Chester, BRF Ingredients, Kidelli, Perdix, Borella, Hilal, Balance, Onefoods, Banvit, Deline, Sadia Bio, Sadia Salamitos, Sadia Veg&Tal, Sadia Livre&Lev, Confidence and Hilal, Sadia Hot Pocket, Perdigão Ouro, Chester Perdigão, Perdigão NaBrasa, Claybom, Biofresh, Three Dogs, Three Cats, Guabi Natural, Giran Plus, Balance, PrimoCão, PrimoGato, Faro, Bônos, Apolo, Átila, and Giran Plus brands. It serves supermarkets, wholesalers, retail and wholesale stores, restaurants, and other institutional buyers. The company offers consultancy, administrative, marketing, road freight, and logistics services; generates and commercializes electric energy; distributes nutrients for animals; and veterinary activities, as well as real estate. The company was formerly known as BRF-Brasil Foods S.A. and changed its name to BRF S.A. in April 2013. BRF S.A. was founded in 1934 and is headquartered in São Paulo, Brazil. BRF S.A. is a subsidiary of Marfrig Global Foods S.A.;tech
BRO;Brown & Brown, Inc. markets and sells insurance products and services in the United States, Canada, Ireland, the United Kingdom, and internationally. It operates through four segments: Retail, Programs, Wholesale Brokerage, and Services. The Retail segment provides property and casualty, employee benefits insurance products, personal insurance products, specialties insurance products, risk management strategies, loss control survey and analysis, consultancy, and claims processing services. It serves commercial, public and quasi-public entities, professional, and individual customers. The Programs segment offers professional liability and related package insurance products for dentistry, legal, eyecare, insurance, financial, physicians, real estate title professionals, as well as supplementary insurance products related to weddings, events, medical facilities, and cyber liabilities. This segment also provides public entity-related and specialty programs through a network of independent agents; and program management services for insurance carrier partners. The Wholesale Brokerage segment markets and sells excess and surplus commercial and personal lines insurance through independent agents and brokers. The Services segment offers third-party claims administration and medical utilization management services in the workers' compensation and all-lines liability arenas, Medicare Set-aside, Social Security disability, Medicare benefits advocacy, and claims adjusting services. Brown & Brown, Inc. was founded in 1939 and is headquartered in Daytona Beach, Florida.;tech
BROS;Dutch Bros Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates and franchises drive-thru shops in the United States. The company operates through Company-Operated Shops and Franchising and Other segments. It operates through company-operated shops and online channels under Dutch Bros, Dutch Bros Coffee, Dutch Bros Rebel, Dutch Bros, and Blue Rebel brands. Dutch Bros Inc. was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in Grants Pass, Oregon.;tech
BRSL;Brightstar Lottery PLC provides lottery solutions in the United States, Italy, rest of Europe, and internationally. The company designs, sells, operates, and leases a suite of point-of-sale machines that reconciles lottery funds between the retailer and lottery authority; operates lottery transaction processing systems; produces instant ticket games; and offers printing services, such as instant ticket marketing plans and graphic design, programming, packaging, shipping, and delivery services, as well as iLottery solutions and services. It also processes commercial transactions, such as prepaid cellular telephone recharges, bill payments, e-vouchers and retail-based programs, electronic tax payments, prepaid card recharges, and stamp duty and money transfer services; licenses related software; and provides marketing services, such as retail optimization and lottery brand awareness campaigns, as well as lottery management services and instant lottery systems. The company was formerly known as International Game Technology PLC and changed its name to Brightstar Lottery PLC in July 2025. Brightstar Lottery PLC was incorporated in 2014 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
BRW;Saba Capital Income & Opportunities Fund is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Voya Investment Management LLC. The fund is managed by Saba Capital Management, L.P. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in securities of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in floating rate secured senior loans, with an emphasis on top-tier, non-investment grade senior loans. The fund seeks to invest in loans with maturities of one to ten years. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P/LSTA Leveraged Loan Index. The fund was formerly known as Voya Prime Rate Trust. Saba Capital Income & Opportunities Fund was formed on December 2, 1987 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
BRX;Brixmor (NYSE: BRX) is a real estate investment trust (REIT) that owns and operates a high-quality, national portfolio of open-air shopping centers. Its 360 retail centers comprise approximately 64 million square feet of prime retail space in established trade areas. The Company strives to own and operate shopping centers that reflect Brixmor's vision "to be the center of the communities we serve" and are home to a diverse mix of thriving national, regional and local retailers. Brixmor is a proud real estate partner to over 5,000 retailers including The TJX Companies, The Kroger Co., Publix Super Markets and Ross Stores.;tech
BSAC;Banco Santander-Chile, together with its subsidiaries, provides commercial and retail banking products and services in Chile. It operates through Retail, Wealth Management & Insurance, Middle-Market, Corporate and Investment Banking, and Corporate Activities and Other segments. The company offers checking accounts and savings products; debit and credit cards; consumer, auto, commercial, mortgage, and government-guaranteed loans; and Chilean peso and foreign currency denominated loans to finance various commercial transactions, trade, foreign currency forward contracts, and credit lines, as well as mortgage financing services. It also provides mutual fund management, insurance and securities brokerage, foreign exchange services, financial leasing, financial consulting and advisory, investment management, foreign trade, leasing, factoring, treasury, and transactional services, as well as specialized services to finance residential projects. In addition, the company offers short-term financing and funding, and brokerage services, as well as derivatives, securitization, and other products; and manages capital allocations. Further, it provides health, life, travel, automobile, and unemployment insurance products; personal and corporate protection products; guarantees; international investment accounts, structured funds, and alternative investment funds; and wealth management and open architecture, asset management, and private banking services. It serves individuals, small to middle-sized companies, and other companies, as well as universities, government agencies, municipalities, regional governments, and construction and real estate companies. The company was incorporated in 1977 and is headquartered in Santiago, Chile. Banco Santander-Chile is a subsidiary of Banco Santander, S.A.;tech
BSBR;Banco Santander (Brasil) S.A., together with its subsidiaries, provides various banking products and services to individuals, small and medium enterprises, and corporate customers in Brazil and internationally. It operates in Commercial Banking and Global Wholesale Banking segments. The company offers payroll and real estate loans; home equity financing solutions; a microfinance program; consortiums; agribusiness portfolio, including credit, securities, and other products; and insurance products, such as life and personal accident, vehicle and property coverage, and credit insurance, as well as insurance for travel and banking transactions. It also provides local transaction banking products, which include local loans, commercial financing options, development bank funds, and cash management services; fund and financial advisory services for infrastructure projects, origination, and distribution of fixed income instruments in capital markets; financing for acquisitions; syndicated loans in local and foreign currency; and advisory services for mergers and acquisitions and equity transactions in capital markets; research and brokerage services for corporate, institutional, and individual investors in stocks and listed derivatives; and foreign exchange products, derivatives, and investments to institutional investors, corporate customers, and individuals. In addition, the company offers cash management for corporate customers and SMEs; advance programs for entrepreneurs; and deposits and other bank funding instruments. It provides financial products and services to its customers through multichannel distribution network comprising branches, mini-branches, ATMs, call centers, Internet banking, and mobile banking. The company was incorporated in 1985 and is headquartered in São Paulo, Brazil.;tech
BSL;Blackstone Senior Floating Rate 2027 Term Fund is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by The Blackstone Group L.P. It is managed by GSO / Blackstone Debt Funds Management LLC. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund primarily invests in senior secured, floating rate loans that are issued by corporations, partnerships, and other business entities. It seeks to invest in securities that are rated below investment grade. The fund invests in securities across the maturity spectrum, while maintaining an average duration of less than one year. It employs fundamental analysis using a research-driven credit analysis approach while focusing on factors like companies which offer attractive risk / return characteristics to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P/LSTA Leveraged Loan Index. Blackstone Senior Floating Rate 2027 Term Fund was formed on March 4, 2010 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
BST;BlackRock Science and Technology Trust is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched by BlackRock, Inc. The fund is managed by BlackRock Advisors, LLC. It invests directly and indirectly through derivative such as options in public equity markets of countries across the globe. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across the science and technology sector. It invests in dividend paying and growth stocks of companies operating across all market capitalizations. BlackRock Science and Technology Trust was formed on 28 October, 2014 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
BSTZ;BlackRock Science and Technology Term Trust is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched by BlackRock, Inc. The fund is managed by BlackRock Advisors, LLC. It invests in public equity markets across the globe. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating in the science and technology sectors. It primarily invests in growth stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. BlackRock Science and Technology Term Trust was formed in June 2019 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
BSX;Boston Scientific Corporation develops, manufactures, and markets medical devices for use in various interventional medical specialties worldwide. It operates in two segments, MedSurg and Cardiovascular. The company offers devices to diagnose and treat a range of gastrointestinal conditions, such as resolution clips, biliary stent systems, stents and electrocautery enhanced delivery systems, direct visualization systems, digital catheters, and single-use duodenoscopes, as well as endoluminal surgery and infection prevention portfolios; devices to treat urological conditions, including ureteral stents, catheters, baskets, guidewires, urinary and bowel dysfunction, sheaths, balloons, single-use digital flexible ureteroscopes, holmium laser systems, penile implants, artificial urinary sphincter, laser system, and hydrogel systems; and devices to treat neurological movement disorders and manage chronic pain, such as spinal cord stimulator systems, proprietary programming software, radiofrequency ablation, indirect decompression systems, and intraosseous nerve ablation and deep brain stimulation systems. It also provides technologies for diagnosing and treating coronary artery disease and aortic valve conditions; WATCHMAN FLX, a left atrial appendage closure (LAAC) device; and implantable devices that monitor the heart and deliver electricity to treat cardiac abnormalities, such as cardioverter and cardiac resynchronization therapy defibrillators, MRI S-ICD systems, cardiac resynchronization therapy pacemakers, quadripolar LV leads, ICD leads, pacing leads, remote patient management systems, insertable cardiac monitor systems, and remote cardiac monitoring systems. In addition, the company offers diagnosis and treatment of rate and rhythm disorders of the heart; peripheral arterial and venous diseases; and products to diagnose, treat, and ease forms of cancer. The company was incorporated in 1979 and is headquartered in Marlborough, Massachusetts.;tech
BTCM;BIT Mining Limited operates as a cryptocurrency mining company in the Mainland China, the United States, and Hong Kong. The company operates through Data Center and Cryptocurrency Mining segments. It operates a cryptocurrency mining data center in Ohio with power capacity of 82.5 megawatts; and purchases and deploys bitcoin mining machines. In addition, it engages in online gaming activities; and provision of technology services. The company was formerly known as 500.com Limited and changed its name to BIT Mining Limited in April 2021. BIT Mining Limited was founded in 2001 and is based in Akron, Ohio.;tech
BTE;Baytex Energy Corp., an energy company, engages in the acquisition, development, and production of crude oil and natural gas in the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin and in the Eagle Ford, the United States. It offers light oil and condensate, heavy oil, natural gas liquids, and natural gas. The company also holds interest in the Eagle Ford property in Texas; Viking and Lloydminster properties in Alberta and Saskatchewan; and Peace River and Duvernay properties in Alberta. Baytex Energy Corp. was incorporated in 1993 and is headquartered in Calgary, Canada.;tech
BTI;British American Tobacco p.l.c. provides tobacco and nicotine products to consumers in the Americas, Europe, the Asia-Pacific, the Middle East, Africa, and the United States. It offers vapour, heated, and modern oral nicotine products; combustible cigarettes; and traditional oral products, such as snus and moist snuff. The company provides its products under the Vuse, glo, Velo, Grizzly, Kodiak, Dunhill, Kent, Lucky Strike, Pall Mall, Rothmans, Newport, Natural American Spirit, and Camel brands. The company distributes its products to retail outlets. British American Tobacco p.l.c. was founded in 1902 and is based in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
BTO;John Hancock Financial Opportunities Fund is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by John Hancock Investment Management LLC. It is co-managed by John Hancock Asset Management. The fund invests in the public equity markets across the globe. It seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across the financial services sector. The fund invests in companies across all market capitalizations. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P Composite 1500 Banks Index. The fund was formerly known as John Hancock Bank and Thrift Opportunity Fund. John Hancock Financial Opportunities Fund was formed on August 23, 1994 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
BTU;Peabody Energy Corporation engages in coal mining business. It operates through Seaborne Thermal, Seaborne Metallurgical, Powder River Basin, Other U.S. Thermal, and Corporate and Other segments. The company is involved in the mining, preparation, and sale of thermal coal primarily to electric utilities; mining of bituminous and sub-bituminous coal deposits; utilization of surface and underground extraction processes to mine low-sulfur and high British thermal unit thermal coal; and mining metallurgical coal, such as hard coking coal, semi-hard coking coal, semi-soft coking coal, and pulverized coal injection coal. It also supplies coal primarily to electricity generators, industrial facilities, and steel manufacturers. In addition, the company engages in trading of coal and freight-related contracts, as well as provides transportation-related services. It operates in the United States, Japan, China, Australia, Taiwan, Indonesia, Brazil, Malaysia, Belgium, India, France, Vietnam, South Korea, Germany, and internationally. Peabody Energy Corporation was founded in 1883 and is headquartered in Saint Louis, Missouri.;tech
BTX;BlackRock Technology and Private Equity Term Trust is a mutual fund launched by BlackRock, Inc. The fund is managed by BlackRock Advisors, LLC. BlackRock Technology and Private Equity Term Trust is domiciled in the United States.;tech
BUI;BlackRock Utility, Infrastructure & Power Opportunities Trust is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched by BlackRock, Inc. The fund is managed by BlackRock Advisors, LLC. It invests in public equity markets across the globe. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating in the utilities and infrastructure sectors. It invests in stocks of companies across diversified market capitalizations. The fund also invests through derivatives, with an emphasis on option writing. The fund was formerly known as BlackRock Utility and Infrastructure Trust. BlackRock Utility, Infrastructure & Power Opportunities Trust was formed on November 22, 2011 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
BUR;Burford Capital Limited provides legal finance products and services worldwide. The company operates in two segments, Principal Finance, and Asset Management and Other Services. The Principal Finance segment provides capital against the underlying value of high-value single or multiple litigation and arbitration matters at any stage of the process from before filing to after a final judgment has been entered; and to a law firm that has agreed to take a case on a contingent fee or alternative fee basis, as well as directly to the client. This segment also offers legal risk management and adverse legal cost insurance services. The Asset Management and Other Services segment manages legal finance assets on behalf of third-party investors, as well as provides other services to the legal industry. Burford Capital Limited was incorporated in 2009 and is based in Saint Peter Port, Guernsey.;tech
BURL;Burlington Stores, Inc. operates as a retailer of branded merchandise in the United States and Puerto Rico. The company offers fashion-focused merchandise, including women's ready-to-wear apparel, menswear, youth apparel, footwear, accessories, home furnishings, toys, gifts, and coats, as well as baby and beauty merchandise products. It operates stores under the Burlington Stores, and Cohoes Fashions brands in Washington D.C. and Puerto Rico. Burlington Stores, Inc. was founded in 1924 and is headquartered in Burlington, New Jersey.;tech
BUXX;The fund is an actively-managed exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) that, using an enhanced cash strategy, seeks to achieve its investment objective, under normal circumstances, by investing at least 80% of its net assets in U.S.-dollar denominated investment-grade fixed- and floating-rate bonds, and debt securities. Under normal circumstances, the fund will seek to maintain a dollar-weighted average maturity of less than two years and a dollar-weighted average duration of less than one year. The fund is non-diversified.;tech
BV;BrightView Holdings, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides commercial landscaping services in the United States. It operates in two segments, Maintenance Services and Development Services. The Maintenance Services segment delivers a suite of recurring commercial landscaping services, including mowing, gardening, mulching and snow removal, water management, irrigation maintenance, tree care, golf course maintenance, and specialty turf maintenance. Its customers' properties include corporate and commercial properties, homeowners associations, public parks, hotels and resorts, airport authorities, municipalities, hospitals and other healthcare facilities, educational institutions, restaurants and retail, and golf courses. This segment's customer base includes approximately 11,700 office parks and corporate campuses 10,000 residential communities, and 700 educational institutions. The Development Services segment offers landscape architecture and development services for new facilities and redesign projects. Its services include project design and management services, landscape architecture and installation, irrigation installation, tree moving and installation, pool and water features, sports field, and other services. BrightView Holdings, Inc. also operates as official field consultant to Major League Baseball. The company was formerly known as BrightView Acquisition Holdings, Inc. BrightView Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1939 and is headquartered in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania.;tech
BW;Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides energy and emissions control solutions to industrial, electrical utility, municipal, and other customers in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Indonesia, and Philippines. The company operates through three segments: Babcock & Wilcox Renewable; Babcock & Wilcox Environmental; and Babcock & Wilcox Thermal. The Babcock & Wilcox Renewable segment offers technologies divert the waste from landfills for power generation and replacing fossil fuels and recovering metals and reducing emissions. It offers BrightLoop, a hydrogen generation technology that generates hydrogen from a range of fuels, including solid fuels, such as biomass and coal. This segment also provides technologies for power and heat generation comprising waste-to-energy; OxyBright, an oxygen-fired biomass-to-energy technology; and black liquor systems for the pulp and paper industry. The Babcock & Wilcox Environmental segment offers a range of emissions control and environmental technology solutions for utility, waste-to-energy, biomass-to-energy, carbon black, and industrial steam generation applications. This segment provides systems for cooling, ash handling, particulate control, nitrogen oxides and sulfur dioxides removal, chemical looping for carbon control, and mercury control under the SolveBright, OxyBright, BrightLoop, and BrightGen names. The Babcock & Wilcox Thermal segment offers aftermarket parts, construction, maintenance, engineered upgrades, and field services for its installed bases, as well as the installed base of other OEMs for power generation, oil and gas, petrochemical, food processing, metals, and others. This segment also provides steam generation systems, including package boilers, watertube and firetube waste heat boilers, and other boilers to medium and heavy industrial customers. Babcock & Wilcox Enterprises, Inc. was founded in 1867 and is headquartered in Akron, Ohio.;tech
BWA;BorgWarner Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides solutions for combustion, hybrid, and electric vehicles worldwide. It offers turbochargers, eBoosters, eTurbos, emissions systems, thermal systems, gasoline ignition technology, smart remote actuators, powertrain sensors, cabin heaters, and battery heaters. The company also provides control modules, friction, and mechanical clutch products for automatic transmissions, torque-management products and rear-wheel drive, all-wheel drive transfer case systems, and coupling systems; and power electronics, such as inverters, onboard chargers, DC/DC converters and combination boxes, rotating electric machines, fully integrated drive modules, and electronic controls. It sells its products to original equipment manufacturers of light vehicles, which comprise passenger cars, sport-utility vehicles, vans, and light trucks; commercial vehicles, including medium-duty and heavy-duty trucks, and buses; and off-highway vehicles, such as agricultural and construction machinery, and marine applications, as well as to tier one vehicle systems suppliers and the aftermarket for light, commercial, and off-highway vehicles. The company was formerly known as Borg-Warner Automotive, Inc. BorgWarner Inc. was founded in 1928 and is headquartered in Auburn Hills, Michigan.;tech
BWMX;Betterware de México, S.A.P.I. de C.V. operates as a direct-to-consumer selling company in the United Staes and Mexico. It operates through two segments, Home Organization Products; and Beauty and Personal Care Products. The Home Organization Products segment provides a portfolio of products comprising kitchen and food preservation; home solutions; bedroom; bathroom; laundry and cleaning; wellness; and technology and mobility. The Beauty and Personal Care Products segment offers fragrances, color, skin care products, and toiletries. It sells its products through catalogues, as well as distributes through a network of distributors, associates, leaders, and consultants to the end customers. The company is headquartered in Zapopan, Mexico. Betterware de México, S.A.P.I. de C.V. is a subsidiary of Campalier S.A. de C.V.;tech
BWXT;BWX Technologies, Inc. manufactures and sells nuclear components in the United States, Canada, and internationally. It operates through two segments, Government Operations and Commercial Operations. The company manufactures precision naval nuclear components, reactors, and nuclear fuel; close-tolerance and high-quality equipment for nuclear applications; critical nuclear components, fuels and assemblies for government and limited other uses; down blend government stockpiles of uranium; and fabricate fuel-bearing precision components. It also supplies proprietary and sole-source valves, manifolds, and fittings to naval and commercial shipping customers; research reactor fuel elements for colleges, universities, and national laboratories; and components for defense applications. In addition, the company manufactures commercial nuclear steam generators, nuclear fuel, fuel handling systems, pressure vessels, reactor components, heat exchangers, tooling delivery systems; and containers for the storage of nuclear fuel and other high-level nuclear waste. Further, it supplies nuclear fuel, fuel handling systems, tooling delivery systems, nuclear-grade materials and precisely machined components; and manufactures medical radioisotopes, radiopharmaceuticals, and medical devices. Additionally, it provides specialized engineering services that include structural component design, 3-D thermal-hydraulic engineering analysis, weld and robotic process development, electrical and controls engineering and metallurgy and materials engineering; in-plant inspection, maintenance and modification services; and non-destructive examination and tooling/repair solutions. It also offers nuclear power plant lifecycle support services. The company was formerly known as The Babcock & Wilcox Company and changed its name to BWX Technologies, Inc. in June 2015. BWX Technologies, Inc. was founded in 1867 and is headquartered in Lynchburg, Virginia.;tech
BX;Blackstone Inc. is an alternative asset management firm specializing in private equity, real estate, hedge fund solutions, credit, secondary funds of funds, public debt and equity and multi-asset class strategies. The firm typically invests in early-stage, seed, middle market, mature, late venture, growth capital, emerging growth and later stage companies. It also provide capital markets services. The real estate segment specializes in opportunistic, core+ investments as well as debt investment opportunities collateralized by commercial real estate, and stabilized income-oriented commercial real estate across North America, Europe and Asia. The firm's corporate private equity business pursues transactions throughout the world across a variety of transaction types, including large buyouts, recapitalization, special situations, distressed mortgage loans, mid-cap buyouts, buy and build platforms, which involves multiple acquisitions behind a single management team and platform, and growth equity/development projects involving significant majority stakes in portfolio companies and minority investments in operating companies, shipping, real estate, corporate or consumer loans, and alternative energy greenfield development projects in energy and power, property, dislocated markets, shipping opportunities, financial institution breakups, re-insurance, and improving freight mobility, financial services, cargo, data processing, oil & gas production, oil & gas refining, oil & gas storage, building products, home entertainment, B2B, consumer electronics, home supply store, lodging, commercial services & supplies, metal & mineral mining machinery, coal, hazardous waste collection, solid waste collection, waste water treatment, renewable electricity, equity REITs, power generation by nuclear & fossil fuels, personal loan services, chemcials, other specialty retail, biotech, pharmaceuticals, metal, aerospace, healthcare, cable, entertainment services, infrastructure services, transportation infrastructure, exhaust, life sciences, alternative carriers, infrastructure, system software, manufacturing services, enterprise tech and consumer, enterprise software & application, as well as consumer technologies. The firm considers investment in Asia and Latin America. It seeks to invest between $0.25 million and $900 million per transaction. It invests in companies with enterprise value between $500 million and $5000 million. It has a three year investment period. The firm prefers to take majority and minority stakes. Its hedge fund business manages a broad range of commingled and customized fund solutions and its credit business focuses on loans, and securities of non-investment grade companies spread across the capital structure including senior debt, subordinated debt, preferred stock and common equity. Blackstone Inc. through its subsidiary South City Projects (Kolkata) Limited offers residential and commercial real estate development services that include development od township, residential towers, malls, IT parks, stadiums, resorts, hospitals, and schools. Blackstone Inc. was founded in 1985 and is headquartered in New York, New York with additional offices across Asia, Europe, North America and Central America.;tech
BXC;BlueLinx Holdings Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the distribution of residential and commercial building products in the United States. It distributes specialty products, including engineered wood, siding, millwork, outdoor living, specialty lumber and panels, and industrial products; and structural products, such as lumber, plywood, oriented strand boards, rebars and remesh, as well as other wood products that are used for structural support in construction projects. It provides various value-added services and solutions to customers and suppliers. The company serves national home centers, pro dealers, cooperatives, specialty distributors, regional and local dealers, and industrial manufacturers. BlueLinx Holdings Inc. was incorporated in 2004 and is headquartered in Marietta, Georgia.;tech
BXP;BXP, Inc. (NYSE: BXP) is the largest publicly traded developer, owner, and manager of premier workplaces in the United States, concentrated in six dynamic gateway markets - Boston, Los Angeles, New York, San Francisco, Seattle, and Washington, DC. BXP has delivered places that power progress for our clients and communities for more than 50 years. BXP is a fully integrated real estate company, organized as a real estate investment trust (REIT). As of June 30, 2025, including properties owned by unconsolidated joint ventures, BXP's portfolio totals 53.7 million square feet and 186 properties, including ten properties under construction/redevelopment.;tech
BXSL;Blackstone Secured Lending Fund is business development company and a Delaware statutory trust formed on March 26, 2018, and structured as an externally managed, non-diversified closed-end investment Fund. On October 26, 2018, the fund elected to be regulated as a business development company (BDC) under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act). In addition, the Fund elected to be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes, as a regulated investment company (RIC), as defined under Subchapter M of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code). The fund also intends to continue to comply with the requirements prescribed by the Code in order to maintain tax treatment as a RIC. The fund's investment objectives are to generate current income and, to a lesser extent, long-term capital appreciation. The Fund seeks to achieve its investment objective primarily through originated loans, equity and other securities, including syndicated loans, of private U.S. companies, specifically small and middle market companies, typically in the form of first lien senior secured and unitranche loans (including first out/last out loans), and to a lesser extent, second lien, third lien, unsecured and subordinated loans and other debt and equity securities.;tech
BY;Byline Bancorp, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for Byline Bank that provides various banking products and services for small and medium sized businesses, commercial real estate and financial sponsors, and consumers in the United States. It offers various retail deposit products, including non-interest-bearing accounts, money market demand accounts, savings accounts, interest-bearing checking accounts, and time deposits; ATM and debit cards; and online, mobile, and text banking services, as well as commercial deposits. The company also provides term loans, revolving lines of credit, and construction financing services; senior secured financing solutions to private equity backed lower middle market companies; small business administration and the United States department of agriculture loans; and treasury management products and services, such as treasury services, information reporting, fraud management, cash collection, and interest rate derivative products. In addition, it offers financing solutions for equipment vendors and their end users; syndication services; and investment, trust, and wealth management services that include fiduciary and executor services, financial planning solutions, investment advisory services, and private banking services for foundations and endowments, and high net worth individuals. The company was formerly known as Metropolitan Bank Group, Inc. and changed its name to Byline Bancorp, Inc. in 2015. Byline Bancorp, Inc. was founded in 1914 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
BYD;Boyd Gaming Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a multi-jurisdictional gaming company in the United States and Canada. It operates through Las Vegas Locals, Downtown Las Vegas, Midwest & South, and Online segments. The company owns and operates casinos; Boyd Interactive, an online casino gaming business; and a travel agency. The company was formerly known as The Boyd Group and changed its name to Boyd Gaming Corporation in April 1993. Boyd Gaming Corporation was founded in 1975 and is headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada.;tech
C;Citigroup Inc., a diversified financial service holding company, provides various financial product and services to consumers, corporations, governments, and institutions. It operates through five segments: Services, Markets, Banking, U.S. Personal Banking, and Wealth. The Services segment includes treasury and trade solutions, which provides cash management, trade, and working capital solutions to multinational corporations, financial institutions, and public sector organizations; and securities services, such as cross-border support for clients, local market expertise, post-trade technologies, data solutions, and various securities services solutions. The Markets segment offers sales and trading services for equities, foreign exchange, rates, spread products, and commodities to corporate, institutional, and public sector clients; and market-making services, including asset classes, risk management solutions, financing, and prime brokerage. The Banking segment includes investment banking services comprising equity and debt capital markets-related strategic financing solutions; advisory services related to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, restructurings, and corporate defense activities; and corporate lending consists of corporate and commercial banking. The U.S. Personal Banking segment provides proprietary and co-branded card portfolios; and traditional banking services to retail and small business customers. The Wealth segment offers financial services to high-net-worth clients through banking, lending, mortgages, investment, custody, and trust product offerings; professional industries, including law firms, consulting groups, accounting, and asset management; and affluent and high net worth clients. The company operates in North America, the United Kingdom, Japan, North and South Asia, Australia, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. Citigroup Inc. was founded in 1812 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
CAAP;Corporación América Airports S.A., through its subsidiaries, acquires, develops, and operates airport concessions. The company operates 52 airports in Latin America, Europe, and Eurasia. The company was formerly known as A.C.I. Airports International S.à r.l. and changed its name to Corporación América Airports S.A. in September 2017. The company was founded in 1998 and is based in Luxembourg City, Luxembourg. Corporación América Airports S.A. is a subsidiary of A.C.I. Airports S.à r.l.;tech
CABO;Cable One, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides data, video, and voice services in the United States. The company offers residential data services, a service to enhance Wi-Fi signal throughout the home. It also provides various residential video services from basic video service to digital services with access to hundreds of channels. In addition, the company offers Sparklight TV, an IPTV video service and a cloud-based digital video recorder (DVR) service that allows customers to stream video channels from the cloud through a new app on supported devices, such as the Amazon Firestick, Apple TV, and Android-based smart televisions that does not require the use of a set-top box. Further, it provides data, voice, and video products to business customers, including small to mid-markets, enterprises, and wholesale and carrier customers. The company serves residential and business customers, comprising data, video, and voice services. Cable One, Inc. was incorporated in 1980 and is headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona.;tech
CACI;CACI International Inc, through its subsidiaries, provides expertise and technology solutions in the United States, the United Kingdom, rest of Europe, and internationally. The company offers control, communications, and intelligence technology and networks; cyber solutions for offensive and defensive operations, defending critical infrastructure, and maintaining information dominance against cyber threats; digital solutions, such as enterprise and agency-unique applications, enterprise infrastructure, and business processes; and enterprise IT that designs, implements, protects, and manages secure enterprise IT solutions for federal agencies. It also provides mission and engineering support, including platform integration, modernization and sustainment, system and logistics engineering, naval architecture, and training and simulation services; space solutions, such as intelligence fusion, data analytics, and decision support, and integrated logistics; and spectrum superiority that designs and develops differentiated technology across the radio-frequency spectrum for intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance, and electronic warfare, as well as builds specialized photonics, waveforms, and technology. In addition, the company offers various IT services, proprietary data, and software products to commercial and government customers. It provides its products and services to national security in the intelligence, defense, and federal civilian sectors. CACI International Inc was founded in 1962 and is headquartered in Reston, Virginia.;tech
CADE;Cadence Bank provides commercial banking and financial services in the United States. It operates through Corporate Banking, Community Banking, Mortgage, and Banking Services segments. The company offers deposit products, including checking accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts, time deposits, and other deposit accounts through multiple channels It also provides commercial, consumer, industrial, and residential and commercial real estate loans. In addition, the company offers term loans, lines of credit, equipment and receivable financing, energy, restaurant, healthcare, technology, small business administration, agricultural loans, construction loans, second mortgage loans, and home equity lines of credit, as well as automobiles, recreation vehicles, boats, secured and unsecured personal, and deposit account secured loans. Further, it provides wealth management, and other fiduciary and private banking services. Additionally, the company offers trust and investment management, asset management, and retirement and savings solutions, as well as estate planning, annuity, and credit-related products. It serves individuals, businesses, governmental institutions, and non-profit entities. The company was founded in 1876 and is headquartered in Tupelo, Mississippi.;tech
CAE;CAE Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides training, simulation, and critical operation solutions in Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, Europe, Asia, the Oceania, Africa, and rest of the Americas. It operates through two segments, Civil Aviation; and Defense and Security. The Civil Aviation segment offers training solutions for flight, cabin, maintenance, ground personnel, and air traffic controllers in commercial, business, and helicopter aviation; a range of flight simulation training devices; and ab initio pilot training and crew sourcing services, as well as airline operations digital solutions. The Defense and Security segment operates as a training and simulation provider that delivers platform-independent solutions to enable and enhance force readiness and security for defense forces, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), government agencies, and public safety organizations. The company was formerly known as CAE Industries Ltd. and changed its name to CAE Inc. in 1993. CAE Inc. was incorporated in 1947 and is headquartered in Saint-Laurent, Canada.;tech
CAF;Morgan Stanley China A Share Fund, Inc. is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Morgan Stanley Investment Management Inc. It is co-managed by Morgan Stanley Investment Management Company. The fund invests in the public equity markets of China. It seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in the growth stocks of companies. It employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Morgan Stanley Capital International China A Share Index. Morgan Stanley China A Share Fund, Inc. was formed on July 6, 2006 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
CAG;Conagra Brands, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a consumer packaged goods food company primarily in the United States. The company operates in four segments: Grocery & Snacks, Refrigerated & Frozen, International, and Foodservice. The Grocery & Snacks segment primarily offers shelf stable food products through various retail channels. The Refrigerated & Frozen segment provides temperature-controlled food products through various retail channels. The International segment offers food products in various temperature states through retail and foodservice channels outside of the United States. The Foodservice segment offers branded and customized food products, including meals, entrees, sauces, and various custom-manufactured culinary products packaged for restaurants and other foodservice establishments. The company sells its products under the Birds Eye, Marie Callender's, Duncan Hines, Healthy Choice, Slim Jim, Reddi-wip, Angie's, BOOMCHICKAPOP brands. Conagra Brands, Inc. was incorporated in 1919 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
CAH;Cardinal Health, Inc. operates as a healthcare services and products company in the United States and internationally. It operates in two segments: Pharmaceutical and Specialty Solutions, and Global Medical Products and Distribution. The company provides customized solutions for hospitals, healthcare systems, pharmacies, ambulatory surgery centers, clinical laboratories, physician offices, and patients in the home. It distributes branded and generic pharmaceutical, specialty pharmaceutical, and over-the-counter healthcare and consumer products. The company also provides services to pharmaceutical manufacturers and healthcare providers for specialty pharmaceutical products; pharmacy management services to hospitals; operates pharmacies, including pharmacies in community health centers; and repackages generic pharmaceuticals and over-the-counter healthcare products. In addition, it manufactures, sources, and distributes Cardinal Health branded medical, surgical, and laboratory products and devices that include exam and surgical gloves; needles, syringe, and sharps disposals; compression, incontinence, nutritional delivery, and wound care products; single-use surgical drapes, gowns, and apparel products; fluid suction and collection systems; urology products; operating room supply products; and electrode product lines. Further, the company distributes a range of national brand products, including medical, surgical, and laboratory products; provides supply chain services and solutions to hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, clinical laboratories, and other healthcare providers; and assembles and sells sterile and non-sterile procedure kits. Additionally, it manufactures, prepares, and delivers radiopharmaceuticals; and optimizes direct shipments through integrated technology solutions. The company was incorporated in 1979 and is headquartered in Dublin, Ohio.;tech
CAL;Caleres, Inc. engages in the designs, develops, sources, manufactures, and distributes footwear in the United States, Canada, East Asia, and internationally. It operates through Famous Footwear and Brand Portfolio segments. The company offers licensed, branded, and private-label athletic, casual, and dress footwear products. The company provides brand name athletic, casual, and dress shoes, including Nike, Skechers, Adidas, Vans, Crocs, Converse, Puma, Birkenstock, New Balance, Under Armour, Dr. Martens, Reef, Asics, Bearpaw, HeyDude, and Veronica Beard brands, as well as company-owned and licensed brands, such as Sam Edelman, Vionic, Allen Edmonds, Franco Sarto, Rykä, Vince, Favorite Daughter, LifeStride, Dr. Scholl's Shoes, Blowfish Malibu, and Naturalizer. The company also operates naturalizer.com, naturalizer.ca, vionicshoes.com, samedelman.com, samedelman.co.uk, allenedmonds.com, allenedmonds.ca, shoebank.com, drschollsshoes.com, lifestride.com, francosarto.com, and ryka.com websites. In addition, it designs, sources, manufactures, and markets footwear to retail stores, such as online retailers, national chains, department stores, mass merchandisers, and independent retailers. Further, the company wholesales men's footwear, apparel, leather goods, and accessories under the Allen Edmonds brand; footwear for women under LifeStride brand; Italian footwear Franco Sarto brand; athletic footwear for women under the Rykä brand; women's shoe collection under the Vince brand; and women's footwear collection under Veronica Beard brand. The company operates through retail shoe stores, wholesales, and e-commerce websites. The company was formerly known as Brown Shoe Company, Inc. and changed its name to Caleres, Inc. in May 2015. Caleres, Inc. was founded in 1878 and is headquartered in Saint Louis, Missouri.;tech
CALX;Calix, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides cloud and software platforms, and systems and services in the United States, rest of Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. Its cloud and software platforms, and systems and services enable broadband service providers (BSPs) to provide a range of services. The company offers Calix Cloud platform comprising Calix Engagement Cloud, Calix Operations Cloud, and Calix Service Cloud, which are configurable to display role-based insights and enable BEPs to anticipate and target new revenue-generating services and applications through mobile application, such as CommandIQ for residents and CommandWorx for businesses; Calix Intelligent Access, an access network solution for automated and intelligent networks; and Calix Unlimited Subscriber, a solution for subscriber managed services. It also provides SmartLife managed services, including SmartHome managed services and applications to enhance, operate and secure the connected experience of subscribers in their home for Wi-Fi, advanced content control, network security, connected cameras, and social media monitoring; SmartTown managed services that reimagine community Wi-Fi as a ubiquitous, secure, and managed experience across a BEP's footprint; and SmartBiz managed services that address the business networking and productivity needs of business owners with an all-in-one managed service. In addition, the company offers Wi-Fi systems under GigaSpire and GigaPro brands to be ready for deployment as a complete subscriber experience solution for BEP's residential and business subscribers. It provides its products through its direct sales force and resellers. Calix, Inc. was incorporated in 1999 and is headquartered in San Jose, California.;tech
CANG;Cango Inc. operates an automotive transaction service platform that connects dealers, original equipment manufacturers, car buyers, and other industry participants in the People's Republic of China, British Virgin Islands, and internationally. The company offers automobile trading solutions comprising car sourcing and transaction facilitation services through Cango U-car app; AutoCango.com which provides Chinese used car information to overseas dealers; and automobile trading transaction service. It also provides automotive financing facilitation services that include facilitating financing transactions from financial institutions to car buyers, which comprises credit origination, credit assessment, credit servicing, and delinquent asset management services; and after-market services to car buyers, which includes facilitating the sale of insurance policies. In addition, the company engages in the crypto mining business. Cango Inc. was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in Wanchai, Hong Kong.;tech
CAPL;CrossAmerica Partners LP engages in the wholesale distribution of motor fuels, operation of convenience stores, and ownership and leasing of real estate used in the retail distribution of motor fuels in the United States. The company operates in two segments, Wholesale and Retail. The Wholesale segment engages in the wholesale distribution of motor fuels to lessee dealers, independent dealers, commission agents, and company operated retail sites. The Retail segment is involved in the sale of convenience merchandise; and retail sale of motor fuels at company operated retail sites and retail sites operated by commission agents. CrossAmerica GP LLC operates as the general partner of the company. The company was formerly known as Lehigh Gas Partners LP and changed its name to CrossAmerica Partners LP in October 2014. The company was founded in 1992 and is based in Allentown, Pennsylvania.;tech
CARR;Carrier Global Corporation provides intelligent climate and energy solutions in the United States, Europe, the Asia Pacific, and internationally. It operates in two segments, Heating, Ventilating and Air Conditioning (HVAC), and Refrigeration. The HVAC segment provides products, controls, services, and solutions to meet the heating, cooling, and ventilation needs of residential and commercial customers. Its products include air conditioners, heating systems, heat pumps, building automation systems, aftermarket components, and repair and maintenance services and rentals, as well as modernization and upgrades. The Refrigeration segment offers transport refrigeration and monitoring products, services, and digital solutions for trucks, trailers, shipping containers, and intermodal and rail applications. The company offers its products under the Carrier, Viessmann, Toshiba, Automated Logic, Bryant, CIAT, Day & Night, Heil, NORESCO, Riello, Carrier Transicold, and Sensitech brands. The company was incorporated in 2019 and is headquartered in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida.;tech
CARS;Cars.com Inc., an audience-driven technology company, provides solutions for the automotive industry in the United States. The company offers cars commerce platforms, such as Marketplace, allowing OEMs and dealers to merchandise their inventory and allowing consumers to add and save vehicles to virtual garage and track the Cars.com market value of current vehicle, as well as provides reputation management technology and digital financing tools and access to in-market consumers who are ready to trade-in its vehicle for a new one. It also provides website creation and platform hosting; digital retailing solutions; and trade and appraisal product, including AccuTrade, uses real-time market data and diagnostic scans to determine the right trade-in offer for every VIN in minutes. In addition, the company offers Cars Commerce Media Network products comprising Cars Social, allows dealers to target and serve native advertisements displaying real-time inventory to in-market car shoppers on Facebook and Instagram; VIN Performance Media, a machine-learning for media campaign, including audience targeting, real-time inventory, and ad placement across search, social, and display; In-Market Video, provides OEMs and dealers to pinpoint serious, ready-to-buy shoppers geographically; and In-Market Display, enable dealers and OEMs to extend reach and access audience of in-market car shoppers. The company serves local dealers, OEMs, dealer groups, and auto-adjacent companies. Cars.com Inc. was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
CAT;Caterpillar Inc. manufactures and sells construction and mining equipment, off-highway diesel and natural gas engines, industrial gas turbines, and diesel-electric locomotives in the United States and internationally. Its Construction Industries segment offers asphalt pavers, cold planers, compactors, forestry machines, material handlers, motor graders, pipelayers, road reclaimers, telehandlers, track-type tractors, and track and wheel excavators; compact track, wheel, track-type, backhoe, and skid steer loaders; and related parts and tools. The company's Resource Industries segment provides electric rope and hydraulic shovels, draglines, rotary drills, hard rock vehicles, tractors, mining trucks, wheel loaders, off-highway and articulated trucks, wide-body trucks, wheel tractor scrapers and dozers, fleet management products, landfill and soil compactors, machinery components, autonomous ready vehicles and solutions, work tools, and safety services and mining performance solutions, as well as related parts and services. Its Energy & Transportation segment offers reciprocating engine powered generator sets; reciprocating engines, drivetrain, and integrated systems and solutions; turbines, centrifugal gas compressors, and related services; and diesel-electric locomotives and components, and other rail-related products. The company's Financial Products segment provides operating and finance leases, installment sale contracts, revolving charge accounts, repair/rebuild financing services, working capital loans, and wholesale financing; and insurance and risk management products and services. Its All Other segment offers wear and maintenance components; parts distribution; logistics solutions and distribution services; dealer portfolio management, and brand management and marketing strategy services; and digital investment services. Caterpillar Inc. was founded in 1925 and is headquartered in Irving, Texas.;tech
CATO;The Cato Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a specialty retailer of fashion apparel and accessories primarily in the southeastern United States. It operates through two segments, Retail and Credit. The company's stores and e-commerce websites offer a range of apparel and accessories, including dressy, career, and casual sportswear; and dresses, coats, shoes, lingerie, costume jewelry, and handbags, as well as men's wear, and lines for kids and infants. It operates its stores and e-commerce websites under the Cato, Cato Fashions, Cato Plus, It's Fashion, It's Fashion Metro, and Versona names. It also provides credit card services and layaway plans for customers. The Cato Corporation was incorporated in 1946 and is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina.;tech
CAVA;CAVA Group, Inc. owns and operates a chain of restaurants under the CAVA brand in the United States. It also offers dips, spreads, and dressings through grocery stores. In addition, the company provides online and mobile ordering platforms. The company was founded in 2006 and is headquartered in Washington, District Of Columbia.;tech
CB;Chubb Limited provides insurance and reinsurance products worldwide. The company operates through six segments: North America Commercial P&C Insurance, North America Personal P&C Insurance, North America Agricultural Insurance, Overseas General Insurance, Global Reinsurance, and Life Insurance. The company provides package policies, property and general liability, workers' compensation, automobile, umbrella, financial lines, professional and management liability, environmental, international coverages, property and casualty, commercial marine, and risk management products and services. It also offers homeowners, automobile and collector cars, valuable articles, personal and excess liability, travel insurance, cyber, and recreational marine insurance and services. In addition, the company provides multiple peril crop insurance and crop-hail insurance for farm, ranch, and specialty property and casualty, and commercial agriculture products; and property insurance products, including traditional commercial fire coverage, as well as energy industry-related, construction, and other technical coverages; personal accident and supplemental medical coverages, such as accidental death, business/holiday travel, specified disease, disability, medical and hospital indemnity, and income protection; and professional indemnity, cyber, surety, aviation, political risk, and specialty personal lines products. Further, the company offers property catastrophe reinsurance, traditional and specialty P&C reinsurance; and protection and savings products, which includes whole life, universal life, unit linked contracts, endowment plans, individual and group term life, dental, critical illness, dementia, hospital cash, personal accident, credit life, and group employee benefits. The company was formerly known as ACE Limited and changed its name to Chubb Limited in January 2016. Chubb Limited was incorporated in 1985 and is headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland.;tech
CBAN;Colony Bankcorp, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for Colony Bank that provides various banking products and services to retail and commercial customers in the United States. It operates through Bank, Mortgage Banking, and Small Business Specialty Lending Division segments. The company offers deposit products, including checking, savings, money market, and other deposit options; and treasury solutions, merchant services, and other financial tools that support businesses in managing cash flow and operational efficiency. It also provides loans to small and medium-sized businesses; residential and commercial construction, and land development loans; commercial real estate loans; commercial loans; agri-business and production loans; residential mortgage loans; home equity loans; consumer loans; and small business administration and other government guaranteed loans. In addition, the company offers internet banking services, electronic bill payment services, safe deposit box rentals, telephone banking, credit and debit card services, and remote depository products, as well as access to a network of ATMs. Colony Bankcorp, Inc. was founded in 1975 and is headquartered in Fitzgerald, Georgia.;tech
CBL;Headquartered in Chattanooga, TN, CBL Properties owns and manages a national portfolio of market-dominant properties located in dynamic and growing communities. CBL's owned and managed portfolio is comprised of 88 properties totaling 55.4 million square feet across 20 states, including 52 high-quality enclosed malls, outlet centers and lifestyle retail centers as well as more than 30 open-air centers and other assets. CBL seeks to continuously strengthen its company and portfolio through active management, aggressive leasing and profitable reinvestment in its properties.;tech
CBNA;Chain Bridge Bancorp, Inc. operates as a bank holding company for Chain Bridge Bank, N.A. that provides a range of commercial and personal banking services in the United States. The company offers deposits, savings, noninterest and interest-bearing checking, and money market accounts; treasury management and payments; loans, commercial lending, residential mortgage financing, and consumer loans; and trusts and estate administration, wealth management, and asset custody services. It also provides other account related services, such as wire transfers, safety deposit box rentals, and lockbox; and mobile deposits, ACH, and bill payment services. Chain Bridge Bancorp, Inc. was incorporated in 2006 and is headquartered in McLean, Virginia.;tech
CBRE;CBRE Group, Inc. operates as a commercial real estate services and investment company in the United States, the United Kingdom, and internationally. The Advisory Services segment offers strategic advice and execution to owners, investors, and occupiers of real estate in connection with leasing of offices, and industrial and retail space; clients fully integrated property sales services under the CBRE Capital Markets brand; clients commercial mortgage and structured financing services; originates and sells commercial mortgage loans; property management services, such as marketing, building engineering, accounting, and financial services on a contractual basis for owners of and investors in office, industrial, and retail properties; and valuation services that include market value appraisals, litigation support, discounted cash flow analyses, and feasibility studies, as well as consulting services, such as property condition reports, hotel advisory, and environmental consulting. The Global Workplace Solutions segment provides facilities management, including day-to-day management of client-occupied space, headquarters, regional offices, administrative offices, data centers and other critical facilities, manufacturing and laboratory facilities, and distribution facilities and retail space; and project management services comprising building consulting, program, and project and cost management services under the Turner & Townsend brand name. The Real Estate Investments segment offers investment management services under the CBRE Investment Management brand to pension funds, insurance companies, sovereign wealth funds, foundations, endowments, and other institutional investors; and development services, such as real estate development and investment activities under the Trammell Crow Company and Telford Homes brands to users and investors in commercial real estate, and for their own account. CBRE Group, Inc. was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
CBT;Cabot Corporation operates as a specialty chemicals and performance materials company. The company operates through two segments, Reinforcement Materials and Performance Chemicals. It offers reinforcing carbons that are used in tires as a rubber reinforcing agent and performance additive, as well as in industrial products, such as hoses, belts, extruded profiles, and molded goods; and engineered elastomer composites solutions. The company also provides specialty carbons for use in inks, coatings, plastics, adhesives, toners, batteries, and displays; conductive additives and fumed alumina used in lead acid and lithium-ion batteries for electric vehicles; fumed silica used in adhesives, sealants, cosmetics, batteries, inks, toners, silicone elastomers, coatings, polishing slurries, and pharmaceuticals; and fumed alumina for use in various products, including inkjet media, lighting, coatings, cosmetics, and polishing slurries. In addition, it offers aerogel, a hydrophobic, silica-based particle to use in various thermal insulation and specialty chemical applications; masterbatch and conductive compound products that are used in automotive, industrial, packaging, infrastructure, agriculture, consumer products, and electronics industries; and inkjet colorants for inkjet printing applications, as well as carbon nanotubes and fumed metal oxides. The company sells its products through distributors and sales representatives in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. Cabot Corporation was founded in 1882 and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts.;tech
CBU;Community Financial System, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for Community Bank, N.A. that provides various banking and other financial services to retail, commercial, institutional, and municipal customers. It operates in three segments: Banking, Employee Benefit Services, and All Other. The company offers various deposits products, such as interest and noninterest-bearing checking, savings, and money market deposit accounts, as well as time deposits. It also provides loans, such as consumer mortgages; general purpose commercial and industrial loans, and mortgages on commercial properties; paycheck protection program loans; installment loans that are originated through selected dealerships and are secured by automobiles, marine, and other recreational vehicles; personal installment loans and check credit lines of credit for consumers; and home equity products. In addition, the company offers broker-dealer and investment advisory; cash management, investment, and treasury services; asset management services; and employee benefit services, as well as operates as a full-service insurance agency that offers personal and commercial lines of insurance, and other risk management products and services. Further, it offers contribution plan administration, employee benefit trust, collective investment fund, retirement plan administration and benefit consulting, fund administration, transfer agency, actuarial and benefit consulting, and health and welfare consulting services; and act as an investor in residential and commercial real estate activities. Additionally, the company offers wealth management, retirement planning, higher educational planning, fiduciary, risk management, trust, and personal financial planning services; and investment alternatives, including stocks, bonds, mutual funds, and insurance and advisory products, as well as master recordkeeping services. Community Financial System, Inc. was founded in 1866 and is headquartered in Dewitt, New York.;tech
CBZ;CBIZ, Inc. provides financial, insurance, and advisory services in the United States and Canada. It operates through Financial Services, Benefits and Insurance Services, and National Practices segments. The Financial Services segment offers accounting and tax, financial advisory, national technology, and government healthcare consulting services. The Benefits and Insurance Services provides employee benefits consulting, payroll/human capital management, property and casualty insurance, and retirement and investment services. The National Practices segment offers information technology managed networking and hardware services. The company primarily serves small and medium-sized businesses, as well as individuals, governmental entities, and not-for-profit enterprises. CBIZ, Inc. was incorporated in 1987 and is headquartered in Independence, Ohio.;tech
CC;The Chemours Company provides performance chemicals in North America, the Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Latin America. It operates through three segments: Thermal & Specialized Solutions, Titanium Technologies, and Advanced Performance Materials. The Thermal & Specialized Solutions segment provides refrigerants, thermal management solutions, propellants, foam blowing agents, and specialty solvents under the Freon and Opteon brand names. The Titanium Technologies segment offers TiO2 pigment, a white pigment that delivers whiteness, brightness, opacity, durability, efficiency, and protection in applications, including architectural and industrial coatings, flexible and rigid plastic packaging, polyvinylchloride, laminate papers used for furniture and building materials, coated paper, and coated paperboard for use in packaging under the Ti-Pure brand name. The Advanced Performance Materials segment products portfolio includes various specialty product solutions, membranes, industrial resins, additives, films, and coatings for consumer electronics, semiconductors, digital communications, transportation, energy, oil and gas, and medical markets under the Teflon, Viton, Krytox, and Nafion brand names. The company sells its products through direct and indirect channels, as well as through a network of resellers, third-party sales agents, and distributors. The Chemours Company was incorporated in 2014 and is headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware.;tech
CCI;Crown Castle owns, operates and leases approximately 40,000 cell towers and approximately 90,000 route miles of fiber supporting small cells and fiber solutions across every major U.S. market. This nationwide portfolio of communications infrastructure connects cities and communities to essential data, technology and wireless service - bringing information, ideas and innovations to the people and businesses that need them.;tech
CCIF;Carlyle Credit Income Fund is a close ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Vertical Capital Asset Management, LLC. The fund is co - managed by Behringer Advisors, LLC. The Fund invests mainly in fixed-income securities. The fund invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It seeks to benchmark the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Capital U.S. Mortgage Backed Securities Index. Carlyle Credit Income Fund was formed on December 30, 2011 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
CCJ;Cameco Corporation provides uranium for the generation of electricity. It operates through three segments: Uranium, Fuel Services, and Westinghouse. The Uranium segment engages in the exploration for, mining, milling, purchase, and sale of uranium concentrate. The Fuel Services segment is involved in the refining, conversion, and fabrication of uranium concentrate, as well as purchase and sale of conversion services. The Westinghouse segment operates as a nuclear reactor technology original equipment manufacturer and a provider of products and services to commercial utilities and government agencies. It also provides outage and maintenance, engineering support, instrumentation and control equipment, and plant modification services, as well as components and parts to nuclear reactors. The company sells its uranium and fuel products and services to nuclear utilities in the Americas, Europe, and Asia. Cameco Corporation was incorporated in 1987 and is based in Saskatoon, Canada.;tech
CCK;Crown Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the packaging business in the United States and internationally. It operates through Americas Beverage, European Beverage, Asia Pacific, and Transit Packaging segments. The company manufactures and sells recyclable aluminum beverage cans and ends, glass bottles, steel crowns, aluminum caps, non-beverage cans, food and aerosol cans, and ends and closures. It also provides manual, semi-automatic, and automatic equipment and tools to apply and remove consumables, such as straps and films; protective solutions, including airbags, edge protectors, and honeycomb products; and steel and plastic consumables include steel strap, plastic strap, industrial film, and other related products. The company serves food industries, including pet food, personal care, household, and industrial products. Crown Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1892 and is headquartered in Tampa, Florida.;tech
CCL;Carnival Corporation & plc, a cruise company, provides leisure travel services in North America, Australia, Europe, and internationally. The company operates through four segments: NAA Cruise Operations, Europe Cruise Operations, Cruise Support, and Tour and Other. It operates port destinations and islands, as well as owns and operates hotels, lodges, glass-domed railcars, and motorcoaches. The company offers its services under the AIDA Cruises, Carnival Cruise Line, Costa Cruises, Cunard, Holland America Line, P&O Cruises (Australia), P&O Cruises (UK), Princess Cruises, and Seabourn brands. It sells its cruises through travel agents, tour operators, vacation planners, websites, and onboard future cruise consultants. Carnival Corporation & plc was founded in 1972 and is headquartered in Miami, Florida.;tech
CCM;Concord Medical Services Holdings Limited, through its subsidiaries, operates a network of radiotherapy and diagnostic imaging centers in the People's Republic of China. It operates in two segments, Network and Hospital. The company's services include linear accelerators and external beam radiotherapy, proton therapy system, gamma knife radiosurgery, and diagnostic imaging services. Its other treatments and diagnostic services comprise positron emission tomography-computed tomography and magnetic resonance imaging scanners. In addition, the company provides clinical support services, such as developing treatment protocols for doctors, and organizing joint diagnosis between doctors in its network and clinical research, as well as helps to recruit and determine the compensation of doctors and other medical personnel. Further, it offers radiotherapy and diagnostic equipment leasing, management services, and premium cancer and proton treatment services to hospitals, as well as teleconsultation and medical information technology services; and sells medical equipment. Additionally, the company operates specialty cancer hospitals, which offers radiation, imaging, test laboratory, inpatient, and nursing services. Concord Medical Services Holdings Limited was founded in 1997 and is headquartered in Beijing, China.;tech
CCO;Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. operates as an out-of-home advertising company in the United States and Singapore. The company operates in two segments, America and Airports. It provides advertising services through billboards, including bulletins and posters, as well as spectaculars, which are customized display structures with videos, three-dimensional elements and moving parts; street furniture displays, such as advertising surfaces on bus shelters, kiosks, news racks, and other public structures; transit displays in rail stations and on buses, trains, and trams; and wallscapes, as well as advertising solutions to commercial and private airports. The company offers solutions, such as RADARView, an audience and campaign planning tool, which uses historical mobile location data; RADARConnect, a campaign amplification solution that delivers supportive advertisements across mobile and other devices; RADARProof, a campaign measurement and attribution solutions, which analyzes anonymized and/or aggregated data; and RADARSync, a data integration platform designed to enable customized application of the RADAR tools and privacy-compliant sharing of RADAR insights with analytics platforms. The company was formerly known as Eller Media Company and changed its name to Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. in August 2005. Clear Channel Outdoor Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in 1995 and is headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.;tech
CCRD;CoreCard Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides technology solutions and processing services to the financial technology and services market in the United States, Europe, and the Middle East. The company designs, develops, and markets a suite of software solutions to program managers, accounts receivable businesses, financial institutions, retailers, and processors to manage their credit and debit cards, prepaid cards, private label cards, fleet cards, buy now pay later programs, loyalty programs, and accounts receivable and loan transactions. Its software solutions allow companies to offer various types of transacting account or card issuing program, as well as installment and revolving loans; set up and maintain account data; record advances and payments; assess fees, interests, and other charges; resolve disputes and chargebacks; manage collections of accounts receivable; generate reports; and settle transactions with financial institutions and network schemes. The company was formerly known as Intelligent Systems Corporation and changed its name to CoreCard Corporation in December 2021. CoreCard Corporation was founded in 1973 and is headquartered in Norcross, Georgia.;tech
CCS;Century Communities, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the design, development, construction, marketing, and sale of single-family attached and detached homes. It is also involved in the entitlement and development of the underlying land; and provision of mortgage, title, and insurance services to its homebuyers. The company offers homes under the Century Communities and Century Complete brands. It sells homes through its sales representatives, retail studios, and internet, as well as through independent real estate brokers in 18 states in the United States. Century Communities, Inc. was founded in 2002 and is headquartered in Greenwood Village, Colorado.;tech
CCU;Compañía Cervecerías Unidas S.A., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a diversified beverage company in Chile, Argentina, Bolivia, Colombia, Paraguay, and Uruguay. It operates through three segments: Chile, International Business, and Wine. The company offers wines, soft drinks, nectars, sports drinks, iced tea, pisco, rum, cider, liquors, beers, spirits, cocktails, coolers, isotonic drinks, and cockail wines; and spring, bottled, mineral, and saborized water. It provides its products under the Cristal, Escudo, Royal Guard, Morenita, Dorada, Andes, Bavaria, Stones, Heineken, Sol, Coors, Austral, Polar Imperial, Patagonia, Kunstmann, Guayacán, D´olbek, Mahina, Volcanes del Sur, Bilz, Pap, Kem, Kem Xtreme, Nobis, Pop, Cachantun, Mas, Mas Woman, Porvenir, Manantial, Red Bull, Rockstar, Perrier, Mistral, Tres Erres, Campanario, Horcón Quemado, Control Valle del Encanto, Espíritu de los Andes, La Serena, Iceberg, Hard Fresh, Ruta, Cocktail, Sabor Andino Sour, Horcón Quemado Sour, Sierra Morena, Cabo Viejo, e Kantal, Fehrenberg, Barsol, Puklaro, Pernod Ricard, Fratelli Branca, Villa Pehuenia, Sidra 1888, La Pizka, Palermo, Santa Fé, Salta, Córdoba, Isenbeck, Norte, Iguana, Miller Genuine Draft, Amstel, Warsteiner, Grolsch, Blue Moon, Sidra Real, La Victoria, Pehuenia, El Abuelo, Eugenio Bustos, La Celia, Colón, Graffina, Santa Silvia, Villavicencio, Villa del Sur, Levité, Ser, Brío, Altaïr, Cabo de Hornos, Sideral, 1865, Castillo de Molina, Epica, Gato, GatoNegro, Reserva, Gran Reserva, Single Vineyard, Lot series, Misiones de Rengo Varietal, Reserva, Cuvée, Gran Reserva Black, Mision, Sparkling line, Alpaca, Reservado, Siglo de Oro Reserva de Viña Santa Helena, Viñamar, Donnaluna, Manquehuito, Graffigna, Colón, Colón Selecto, Nativa, Nix, Watt's, FullSport, 1888, Imperial, Escudo Silver, Kuntsmann, Miller, and Schneider brands. The company was founded in 1850 and is based in Santiago, Chile. Compañía Cervecerías Unidas S.A. operates as a subsidiary of Inversiones y Rentas S.A.;tech
CDLR;Cadeler A/S, together with its subsidiaries, engages in offshore wind farm installation, operations, and maintenance services in Denmark. The company engages in the transportation, installation, and maintenance of offshore wind turbine generators and platform topsides/substations; maintenance of offshore structures and platforms; offshore construction, decommissioning, accommodation, and crane support within the renewable space; heavy lift and project cargo; and salvage assistance, as well as transport and installation of wind turbine foundations; and marine and engineering operations. It also owns and operates five offshore jack-up windfarm installation vessels. Cadeler A/S was incorporated in 2008 and is headquartered in Copenhagen, Denmark.;tech
CDP;COPT Defense, an S&P MidCap 400 Company, is a self-managed REIT focused on owning, operating and developing properties in locations proximate to, or sometimes containing, key U.S. Government (USG) defense installations and missions (referred to as its Defense/ IT Portfolio). The Company's tenants include the USG and their defense contractors, who are primarily engaged in priority national security activities, and who generally require mission-critical and high security property enhancements. As of March 31, 2025, the Company's Defense/ IT Portfolio of 198 properties, including 24 owned through unconsolidated joint ventures, encompassed 22.6 million square feet and was 96.6% leased.;tech
CDRE;Cadre Holdings, Inc. manufactures and distributes safety equipment and other related products that provides protection to users in hazardous or life-threatening situations in the United States and internationally. It operates thorough two segments: Products and Distribution. The company offers body armor product, such as concealable, corrections, and tactical armor under the Safariland and Protech Tactical brand names; survival suits, remotely operated vehicles, specialty tools, blast sensors, accessories, and vehicle blast attenuation seats for bomb safety technicians; bomb suits; duty gear, including belts and accessories; and other protective equipment comprising communications gear, forensic and investigation products, firearms cleaning solutions, and crowd control products. It also provides third-party products, such as uniforms, optics, boots, firearms, and ammunition. Additionally, it designs, manufactures and services equipment, vessels, precision components and remote handling systems for the nuclear, defence, and oil and gas industries. It serves first responders, such as state and local law enforcement, fire and rescue, explosive ordnance disposal technicians, emergency medical technicians, fishing, and wildlife enforcement and departments of corrections, as well as federal agencies including the U.S. Department of State, U.S. Department of Defense, U.S. Department of Interior, U.S. Department of Justice, U.S. Department of Homeland Security, U.S. Department of Corrections, the Department of Energy, and various foreign government agencies. Cadre Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1964 and is headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida.;tech
CE;Celanese Corporation, a chemical and specialty materials company, manufactures and sells engineered polymers worldwide. The Engineered Materials segment offers nylon and polypropylene compounds and formulations, high temperature nylon, polyoxymethylene, polyethylene and polybutylene terephthalates, ultra-high molecular weight polyethylene, long-chain polyamides, long-fiber reinforced thermoplastics, liquid crystal polymers, thermoplastic elastomers and vulcanizates, polyphenylene sulfide, ethylene vinyl acetate pharmaceutical grade copolymers, and ethylene acrylic elastomers for use in automotive, medical, industrial, energy storage, consumer electronics, appliance, construction, filtration equipment, telecommunication, beverage, electrical, and consumer apparel applications. Its Acetyl Chain segment produces and supplies acetyl products, including acetic acid, vinyl acetate monomers, vinyl acetate ethylene emulsions, conventional emulsions, ethylene vinyl acetate resins and compounds, low-density polyethylene resins, redispersible powders, acetic anhydride, ethyl acetates, formaldehydes, butyl acetates, acetate tows, and acetate flakes for use in paints, coatings, adhesives, textiles, paper finishing, flexible packaging, lamination products, pharmaceuticals, films, inks, plasticizers, solvents, automotive parts, external thermal insulation composite systems, tiling, plasters and renders, lubricants, filtration, food and beverage, consumer goods, and food packaging applications. The company offers its products under the Celanyl, FRIANYL, ECOMID, Zytel, Celcon, Hostaform, Celanex, Crastin, Thermx, Rynite, GUR, Celstran, Factor, Vectra, Zenite, Forprene, Sofprene, Laprene, Hytrel, Santoprene, Dytron, Geolast, Vamac, Polifor, Tecnoprene, and VitalDose brands. It sells its products directly to customers and through distributors; and serves original equipment manufacturers and suppliers. Celanese Corporation was founded in 1912 and is headquartered in Irving, Texas.;tech
CEE;The Central and Eastern Europe Fund, Inc. is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched by Deutsche Investment Management Americas Inc. The fund is managed by Deutsche Asset Management International GmbH. It invests in the public equity markets across Central and Eastern Europe. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the CECE, RTX, and ISE National 30. The fund was formerly known as The Central Europe And Russia Fund, Inc. The Central and Eastern Europe Fund, Inc. was formed on March 6, 1990 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
CEPU;Central Puerto S.A. engages in the electric power generation activities in Argentina. It operates in four segments: Electric Power Generation from Conventional Sources; Electric Power Generation from Renewable Sources; Natural Gas Transport and Distribution; and Forest Activity. The company's power generation assets include combined cycle, gas and steam turbine, co-generation, hydroelectric, wind turbine, and solar power plants. It also engages in the natural gas transport and distribution; forestry; and mining businesses. The company was incorporated in 1992 and is based in Buenos Aires, Argentina.;tech
CF;CF Industries Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the manufacture and sale of hydrogen and nitrogen products for energy, fertilizer, emissions abatement, and other industrial activities in North America, Europe, and internationally. The company operates through Ammonia, Granular Urea, UAN, AN, and Other segments. Its principal products include anhydrous ammonia, granular urea, urea ammonium nitrate, and ammonium nitrate products. The company also offers diesel exhaust fluid, urea liquor, nitric acid, and aqua ammonia products. It primarily serves cooperatives, retailers, independent fertilizer distributors, traders, wholesalers, and industrial users. CF Industries Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1946 and is headquartered in Northbrook, Illinois.;tech
CFG;Citizens Financial Group, Inc. operates as the bank holding company that provides retail and commercial banking products and services to individuals, small businesses, middle-market companies, large corporations, and institutions in the United States. The company operates through two segments, Consumer Banking and Commercial Banking. The Consumer Banking segment offers deposit products, mortgage and home equity lending products, credit cards, business loans, wealth management, and investment services; and education and point-of-sale finance loans, as well as digital deposit products. This segment serves its customers through telephone service centers, as well as through its online and mobile platforms. The Commercial Banking segment provides various financial products and solutions, including lending and leasing, deposit and treasury management services, foreign exchange, and interest rate and commodity risk management solutions, as well as syndicated loans, corporate finance, mergers and acquisitions, and debt and equity capital markets services. This segment serves multi-family, office, industrial, retail, healthcare, and hospitality sectors. The company was formerly known as RBS Citizens Financial Group, Inc. and changed its name to Citizens Financial Group, Inc. in April 2014. Citizens Financial Group, Inc. was founded in 1828 and is headquartered in Providence, Rhode Island.;tech
CFND;C1 Fund Inc. is a venture capital fund specializing in late-stage investments. It seeks to invest in financial services, digital asset services and technology.;tech
CFR;Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for Frost Bank that provides commercial and consumer banking services in Texas. The company offers commercial banking services to corporations, including financing for industrial and commercial properties, interim construction related to industrial and commercial properties, equipment, inventories and accounts receivables, and acquisitions; and treasury management services. It also provides consumer banking services, such as checking accounts, savings programs, automated-teller machines (ATMs), overdraft facilities, installment and real estate loans, first mortgage loans, home equity loans and lines of credit, drive-in and night deposit services, safe deposit facilities, and brokerage services. In addition, the company offers international banking services comprising deposits, loans, letters of credit, foreign collections, funds transmitting, and foreign exchange services; correspondent banking activities, including check clearing, transfer of funds, fixed income security services, and securities custody and clearance services. Further, it offers trust, investment, agency, and custodial services for individual and corporate clients; capital market services that include sales and trading, new issue underwriting, money market trading, advisory, and securities safekeeping and clearance; and support for international business activities, including foreign exchange, letters of credit, export-import financing, and other related activities. Additionally, the company offers insurance and securities brokerage services; holding of securities for investment purposes; and investment management services for mutual funds, institutions, and individuals. It serves energy, manufacturing, services, construction, retail, telecommunications, healthcare, military, and transportation industries. The company was founded in 1868 and is headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.;tech
CGAU;Centerra Gold Inc. engages in the acquisition, exploration, development, and operation of gold and copper properties in North America, Turkey, and internationally. It also explores for molybdenum deposits. The company's principal assets include the Mount Milligan gold-copper mine located in British Columbia, Canada; and the Öksüt gold mine located in Türkiye. It also owns the Kemess project in British Columbia, Canada; the Goldfield District project in Nevada, United States; owns and operates a Molybdenum BU, which includes the Langeloth metallurgical processing facility that operates in Pennsylvania; and the Thompson Creek Mine in Idaho; and 75% owned the Endako Mine in British Columbia, Canada. Centerra Gold Inc. was incorporated in 2002 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.;tech
CHD;Church & Dwight Co., Inc. develops, manufactures, and markets household, personal care, and specialty products. It operates in three segments: Consumer Domestic, Consumer International, and Specialty Products Division. The company offers cat litters, carpet deodorizers, laundry detergents, and baking soda, as well as other baking soda based products under the ARM & HAMMER brand; condoms, lubricants, and vibrators under the TROJAN brand; stain removers, cleaning solutions, laundry detergents, and bleach alternatives under the OXICLEAN brand; toothbrushes under the SPINBRUSH brand; home pregnancy and ovulation test kits under the FIRST RESPONSE brand; depilatories under the NAIR brand; oral analgesics under the ORAJEL brand; laundry detergents under the XTRA brand; gummy dietary supplements under the L'IL CRITTERS and VITAFUSION brands; dry shampoos under the BATISTE brand; water flossers and showerheads under the WATERPIK brand; cold shortening and relief products under the ZICAM brand; oral care products under the THERABREATH brand; and acne treatment products under the HERO brand. Its specialty products include animal and food productivity products, such as ARM & HAMMER baking soda as a feed additive to help dairy cow; BIO-CHLOR and FERMENTEN used to reduce health issues associated with calving, as well as needed protein; CELMANAX refined functional carbohydrate, a yeast-based prebiotic; and CERTILLUS a probiotics products used in the poultry, dairy, beef, and swine industries. It offers sodium bicarbonate; and cleaning and deodorizing products. The company sells its consumer products through supermarkets, mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstores, convenience stores, home stores, dollar and other discount stores, pet and other specialty stores, and websites and other e-commerce channels; and specialty products to industrial customers and livestock producers through distributors. The company was founded in 1846 and is headquartered in Ewing, New Jersey.;tech
CHE;Chemed Corporation provides hospice and palliative care services to patients through a network of physicians, registered nurses, home health aides, social workers, clergy, and volunteers primarily in the United States. The company operates through VITAS and Roto-Rooter segments. It offers plumbing, drain cleaning, excavation, water restoration, and other related services to residential and commercial customers through company-owned branches, independent contractors, and franchisees. The company also provides direct medical services to patients, as well as spiritual and emotional counseling to both patients and their families. Chemed Corporation was incorporated in 1970 and is headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio.;tech
CHGG;Chegg, Inc. provides individualized learning support to students that helps build essential academic, life, and job skills to achieve success in the United States and internationally. Its subscription services include Chegg Study, which offers personalized step-by-step learning support from AI, computational engines, and subject matter experts; Chegg Writing that provides students with a suite of tools, such as plagiarism detection scans, grammar and writing fluency checking, expert personalized writing feedback, and premium citation generation; Chegg Math, a step-by-step math problem solver and calculator that helps students to solve problems; Chegg Study Pack, a bundle of various subscription product offerings, including Chegg Study, Chegg Writing, and Chegg Math services; and Busuu, a language learning platform that offers comprehensive support through self-paced lessons, live classes with expert tutors, and a community of members to practice alongside. The company also provides a skills-based learning platform to learn technical skills comprising AI, coding, data analytics, and cybersecurity, as well as competencies consisting of emotional intelligence, mindset, emerging leadership, and decision making. In addition, it rents and sells print textbooks and eTextbooks; and offers advertising services. The company serves students and companies through direct marketing channels and social media. Chegg, Inc. was incorporated in 2005 and is headquartered in Santa Clara, California.;tech
CHH;Choice Hotels International, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a hotel franchisor in the United States and internationally. It operates through Hotel Franchising & Management and Corporate & Other segments. The company franchises lodging properties under the Comfort Inn, Comfort Suites, Quality, Clarion, Clarion Pointe, Sleep Inn, Ascend Hotel Collection, Econo Lodge, Rodeway Inn, MainStay Suites, Suburban Studios, WoodSpring Suites, Everhome Suites, Cambria Hotels, Radisson Blu, Radisson RED, Radisson, Park Plaza, Country Inn & Suites by Radisson, Radisson Inn & Suites, Park Inn by Radisson, Radisson Individuals, and Radisson Collection brand names. Choice Hotels International, Inc. was founded in 1939 and is headquartered in North Bethesda, Maryland.;tech
CHN;The China Fund, Inc. is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Allianz Global Investors U.S. LLC. It invests in the public equity markets of China that includes the People's Republic of China, Hong Kong, and Taiwan. The fund invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It employs a combination of fundamental analysis with bottom-up approach and quantitative analysis to create its portfolio. The fund seeks to benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI Golden Dragon Index. The China Fund, Inc. was formed on April 28, 1992 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
CHPT;ChargePoint Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides electric vehicle (EV) charging networks and charging solutions in the North America and Europe. The company serves commercial, such as retail, workplace, hospitality, healthcare, fueling and convenience, and parking lot operators; fleet, which include municipal buses, delivery and work vehicles, and port/airport/warehouse and other industrial applications, as well as ride-sharing services; and residential comprising single family homes and multi-family apartments and condominiums customers. ChargePoint Holdings, Inc. was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Campbell, California.;tech
CHT;Chunghwa Telecom Co., Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an integrated telecommunications service provider in Taiwan and internationally. The company operates through Consumer Business, Enterprise Business, International Business, and Others segments. Its services primarily include mobile, fixed-line, information and communication technology (ICT), and sales and other services. The company offers mobile services, including prepaid and postpaid plans; fixed-line services, such as fixed broadband and voice, leased line, video, and satellite services; and fixed broadband services comprising broadband access, data communication, and Wi-Fi services. It also provides ICT services consisting of cloud, content delivery network, advanced networks defense system, and web application firewall. In addition, it distributes and sells mobile handsets and wearable devices on its mobile network to customers through its directly owned stores, online store, and third-party retailers, as well as offers interconnection services. The company was incorporated in 1996 and is headquartered in Taipei City, Taiwan.;tech
CHWY;Chewy, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the e-commerce business in the United States. It offers pet food and treats, pet supplies and pet medications, and other pet-health products, as well as pet services. The company serves its customer through its retail websites and mobile applications, including Autoship subscription program. Chewy, Inc. was founded in 2010 and is based in Plantation, Florida.;tech
CI;The Cigna Group, together with its subsidiaries, provides insurance and related products and services in the United States. Its Evernorth Health Services segment provides a range of coordinated and point solution health services, including pharmacy benefits, home delivery pharmacy, specialty pharmacy, distribution, and care delivery and management solutions to health plans, employers, government organizations, and health care providers. The company's Cigna Healthcare segment offers medical, pharmacy, behavioral health, dental, and other products and services for insured and self-insured customers; Medicare Advantage, Medicare Supplement, and Medicare Part D plans for seniors, as well as individual health insurance plans; and health care coverage in its international markets, as well as health care benefits for mobile individuals and employees of multinational organizations. In addition, it offers permanent insurance contracts sold to corporations to provide coverage on the lives of certain employees for financing employer-paid future benefit obligations and stop loss insurance. The company distributes its products and services through insurance brokers and consultants; directly to employers, unions and other groups, or individuals; and private and public exchanges. The company was formerly known as Cigna Corporation and changed its name to The Cigna Group in February 2023. The company was founded in 1792 and is headquartered in Bloomfield, Connecticut.;tech
CIB;Grupo Cibest S.A., together with its subsidiaries, provides banking products and services in Colombia and internationally. It offers checking and savings accounts, money market accounts, time deposits, fixed term deposits, and investment products; trade financing, loans funded by domestic development banks, working capital loans, credit cards, personal and vehicle loans, payroll loans, and overdrafts; factoring; and financial and operating leasing services. The company provides hedging instruments, including futures, forwards, options, and swaps; and brokerage, investment advisory, and private banking services comprising selling and distributing equities, futures, foreign currencies, fixed income securities, mutual funds, and structured products. In addition, it offers cash management services; foreign currency and trade finance solutions; letters of credit and bills collection; bancassurance and insurance products; telephone and mobile phone banking services; and ATM network, online and computer banking services. Further, the company provides project and acquisition finance, loan syndication, corporate loans, debt and equity capital markets, principal investments, mergers and acquisition, hedging strategy advisories, restructurings, and structured financing; mutual and pension funds, private equity funds, payment and corporate trust, and custody; internet-based trading platform; inter-bank lending and repurchase agreements; managing escrow accounts, and investment and real estate funds; credit cards; roadside and medical assistance services; and transportation, maintenance and remodeling, and outsourcing services, as well as provides technology services. Grupo Cibest S.A. was formerly known as Bancolombia S.A. and changes its name to Grupo Cibest S.A. in May 2025. The company was founded in 1875 and is headquartered in Medellín, Colombia.;tech
CICB;CION Investment Corporation is a business development company. It specializes in investments in senior secured loans, including unitranche loans, First Lien, second lien loans, long-term subordinated loans, and mezzanine loans; equity interests such as warrants or options; and corporate bonds; and other debt securities in middle-market companies. The firm invests in growth capital, acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, market/product expansion, refinancing and recapitalization. The fund also invests up to 30 percent of their assets opportunistically in other types of investments, including the securities of larger public companies and foreign securities. It also makes investments in the secondary loan market. The fund does not invest in start-up companies, turnaround situations, or companies with speculative business plans. The fund prefers to invest in high tech industries, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, business services, media, chemicals, plastic, rubber, telecommunication, consumer services, advertising, printing and publishing, consumer goods, durables, diversified financials, and other industries. It also invests in homebuilding, restaurants, beverage and tobacco bars, broadcasting, distributors, Non-durable good distribution, food beverage and tobacco, energy, oil gas and consumables fuels, insurance, aerospace and defense, industrial machinery, paper and forest product machinery, information technology, metals and mining, and real estate. It primarily seeks to invest in the United States. The fund seeks to invest between $5 million and $50 million in companies with an EBITDA between $25 million and $75 million with average targeted hold of $30 million. It also purchases minority interests in the form of common or preferred equity in the target companies, typically in conjunction with its debt investments or through a co-investment with a financial sponsor. The fund seeks to exit its investments through an initial public offering of common stock, a merger, a sale, or other recapitalization.;tech
CIEN;Ciena Corporation, a network technology company, provides hardware, software, and services for various network operators in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, Japan, and India. It operates through Networking Platforms, Platform Software and Services, Blue Planet Automation Software and Services, and Global Services segments. The Networking Platforms segment consist of a range of products and solutions for convergence of coherent optical transport, open optical networking, optical transport network switching, IP routing, and switching services. This segments products include the 6500 Packet-Optical Platform, Waveserver modular interconnect system, the 6500 Reconfigurable Line system, Coherent ELS open line system, O-NID edge OTN demarcation device, coherent pluggable transceivers, and the 5400 family of Packet-Optical platforms; and the 3000 family of service delivery platforms and the 5000 family of service aggregation, as well as the 8100 Coherent IP networking platforms, WaveRouter product, virtualization software, the 6500 Packet Transport system, the 8700 Packetwave platform, and SD-Edge software and passive optical network routing and switching portfolio products. The Platform Software and Services segment offers Navigator Network Control Suite domain controller solution, OneControl unified management system, and data and planning tools. The Blue Planet Automation Software and Services segment comprises inventory management, multi-domain service orchestration, multi-cloud orchestration, route optimization and analysis, and unified assurance and analytics. The Global Services segment provides maintenance support and training, installation and deployment, and consulting and network design services. Ciena Corporation was incorporated in 1992 and is headquartered in Hanover, Maryland.;tech
CIF;MFS Intermediate High Income Fund is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Massachusetts Financial Services Company. The fund invests in fixed income markets of the United States. It primarily invests in high income debt instruments. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against Barclays U.S. High-Yield Corporate 2% Issuer Capped Index. It was formerly known as Colonial Intermediate High Income Fund. MFS Intermediate High Income Fund was founded in July 21, 1988 and is domiciled in United States.;tech
CIG;Companhia Energética de Minas Gerais - CEMIG, through its subsidiaries, engages in the generation, transmission, distribution, and sale of energy in Brazil. As of December 31, 2024, the company operated 36 hydro plants with a total capacity of 4,449.0 MW, 2 wind farms with a total capacity of 70.8 MW, and 10 photovoltaic power stations with a total capacity of 158.99 MW; 357,044 miles of distribution lines; and 4,754 miles of transmission lines. It is also involved in the acquisition, transportation, and distribution of gas and its sub products and derivatives; sale and trading of energy; construction, implementation, operation and maintenance of electricity transmission; marketing and intermediation of energy-related business; installation, operation, maintenance and rental of solar plants; and distributed generation, account services, cogeneration, energy efficiency, and supply and storage management activities. The company was incorporated in 1952 and is headquartered in Belo Horizonte, Brazil.;tech
CINT;CI&T Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides strategy, design, and software engineering services worldwide. It is also involved in the development of customizable software through the implementation of software solutions, including machine learning, artificial intelligence, analytics, cloud migration, and mobility technologies. CI&T Inc. was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in Campinas, Brazil.;tech
CION;CION Investment Corporation is a business development company. It specializes in investments in senior secured loans, including unitranche loans, First Lien, second lien loans, long-term subordinated loans, and mezzanine loans; equity interests such as warrants or options; and corporate bonds; and other debt securities in middle-market companies. The firm invests in growth capital, acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, market/product expansion, refinancing and recapitalization investments. The fund also invests up to 30 percent of their assets opportunistically in other types of investments, including the securities of larger public companies and foreign securities. It also makes investments in the secondary loan market. The fund does not invest in start-up companies, turnaround situations, or companies with speculative business plans. The fund prefers to invest in high tech industries, healthcare, pharmaceuticals, business services, media, chemicals, plastic, rubber, telecommunication, consumer services, advertising, printing and publishing, consumer goods, durables, diversified financials, and other industries. It also invests in homebuilding, restaurants, beverage and tobacco bars, broadcasting, distributors, Non-durable good distribution, food beverage and tobacco, energy, oil gas and consumables fuels, insurance, aerospace and defense, industrial machinery, paper and forest product machinery, information technology, metals and mining, and real estate. It primarily seeks to invest in the United States. The fund seeks to invest between $5 million and $50 million in companies with an EBITDA between $25 million and $75 million with average targeted hold of $30 million. It also purchases minority interests in the form of common or preferred equity in the target companies, typically in conjunction with its debt investments or through a co-investment with a financial sponsor. The fund seeks to exit its investments through an initial public offering of common stock, a merger, a sale, or other recapitalization.;tech
CIVI;Civitas Resources, Inc., an exploration and production company, focuses on the acquisition, development, and production of crude oil and associated liquids-rich natural gas. Its assets include DJ Basin assets comprising of approximately 356,800 net acres located in Weld, Arapahoe, Adams, and Boulder counties, Colorado; and Permian Basin assets comprising of 120,400 net acres located in Upton, Reagan, Glasscock, Martin, Midland, Reeves, and Loving counties, Texas, and Eddy and Lea counties, New Mexico. The company was formerly known as Bonanza Creek Energy, Inc. Civitas Resources, Inc. was incorporated in 2010 and is based in Denver, Colorado.;tech
CL;Colgate-Palmolive Company, together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells consumer products in the United States and internationally. It operates through two segments: Oral, Personal and Home Care; and Pet Nutrition. The Oral, Personal and Home Care segment offers toothpaste, toothbrushes, mouthwash, bar and liquid hand soaps, shower gels, shampoos, conditioners, deodorants and antiperspirants, skin health products, dishwashing detergents, fabric conditioners, household cleaners, and other related items. This segment markets and sells its products under the Colgate, Palmolive, Darlie, elmex, hello, meridol, Sorriso, Tom's of Maine, EltaMD, Filorga, Irish Spring, Protex, Sanex, Softsoap, Lady Speed Stick, Speed Stick, PCA SKIN, Ajax, Axion, Fabuloso, Murphy, Suavitel, and Soupline brands to a range of traditional and eCommerce retailers, wholesalers, and distributors, as well as dentists and skin health professionals. It also offers pharmaceutical products for dentists and other oral health professionals. The Pet Nutrition segment offers pet nutrition products for everyday nutritional needs under the Hill's Science Diet brand; and a range of therapeutic pet products to help nutritionally support dogs and cats in different stages of health under the Hill's Prescription Diet brand. This segment markets and sells its products through pet supply retailers, veterinarians, and eCommerce retailers. Colgate-Palmolive Company was founded in 1806 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
CLB;Core Laboratories Inc. provides reservoir description and production enhancement services and products to the oil and gas industry in the United States, and internationally. It operates through Reservoir Description and Production Enhancement segments. The Reservoir Description segment includes the characterization of petroleum reservoir rock and reservoir fluid samples to enhance production and improve recovery of crude oil and gas from its clients' reservoirs. It offers laboratory-based analytical and field services to characterize properties of crude oil and oil delivered products; and proprietary and joint industry studies, as well as services that support carbon capture, utilization and storage, geothermal projects, and the evaluation and appraisal of mining activities. The Production Enhancement segment provides services and products relating to reservoir well completions, perforations, stimulations, production, and well abandonment. It offers integrated diagnostic services to evaluate and monitor the effectiveness of well completions and to develop solutions to improve the effectiveness of enhanced oil recovery projects. The company markets and sells its products through a combination of sales representatives, technical seminars, trade shows, and print advertising, as well as through distributors. Core Laboratories Inc. was founded in 1936 and is based in Houston, Texas.;tech
CLF;Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. operates as a flat-rolled steel producer in the United States, Canada, and internationally. The company offers hot-rolled, cold-rolled, electrogalvanized, hot-dip galvanized and galvannealed, aluminized, galvalume, enameling, and advanced high-strength steel products; austenitic, martensitic, duplex, precipitation hardening, and ferritic stainless-steel products; steel plates; and grain oriented and non-oriented electrical steel products, as well as slab, rail, scrap, iron ore, coal, coke, and tool and die, stamped components. It also provides tubular components, including carbon steel, stainless steel, and electric resistance welded tubing products. In addition, the company offers tin mill products; hot and cold stamp assembly, tooling, and sampling solutions; ingots, rolled blooms, and cast blooms; and hot-briquetted iron products. Further, it owns five iron ore mines in Minnesota and Michigan. The company serves automotive, infrastructure, and manufacturing industries; and distributors and converters, and steel producers. The company was formerly known as Cliffs Natural Resources Inc. and changed its name to Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. in August 2017. Cleveland-Cliffs Inc. was founded in 1847 and is headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio.;tech
CLH;Clean Harbors, Inc. provides environmental and industrial services in the United States and Canada. It operates through two segments: Environmental Services and Safety-Kleen Sustainability Solutions. The Environmental Services segment collects, transports, treats, and disposes hazardous and non-hazardous waste, such as resource recovery, physical treatment, incineration, landfill disposal, wastewater treatment, lab chemicals disposal, and explosives management services; and offers CleanPack services, including collection, identification, categorization, specialized packaging, transportation, and disposal of laboratory chemicals and household hazardous waste. This segment also provides industrial maintenance and specialty industrial services; and utilizes specialty equipment and resources that performs field services. The Safety-Kleen Sustainability Solutions segment provides containerized waste, parts-washer, and vacuum services for automobile repair shops, car and truck dealers, metal fabricators, machine manufacturers, fleet maintenance shops, and other automotive, industrial, and retail customers; collects and transports for hazardous and non-hazardous containerized waste for recycling or disposal; machine cleaning and maintenance, and disposal and replenishment of clean solvent or aqueous fluids; and vacuum services to remove solids, residual oily water, and sludge and other fluids from customers' oil/water separators, sumps, and collection tanks, as well as removes and collects waste fluids found at large and small industrial locations, including metal fabricators, auto maintenance providers, and general manufacturers. This segment also manufactures, formulates, and packages lubricants and other products. Clean Harbors, Inc. was incorporated in 1980 and is headquartered in Norwell, Massachusetts.;tech
CLS;Celestica Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides supply chain solutions in Asia, North America, and internationally. It operates through two segments, Advanced Technology Solutions, and Connectivity and Cloud Solutions. The company offers a range of product manufacturing and related supply chain services, including design and development, new product introduction, engineering services, component sourcing, electronics manufacturing and assembly, testing, mechanical assembly, systems integration, precision machining, order fulfillment, logistics, asset management, product licensing, and after-market repair and return services. It also provides hardware platform solutions, which includes development of infrastructure platforms, and hardware and software design solutions and services, including open-source software that can be used as-is or customized for specific applications; and management of program, including design and supply chain, manufacturing, and after-market support, including IT asset disposition and asset management services. The company offers its products and services to original equipment manufacturers, and cloud-based and other service providers, including hyperscalers, and other companies in aerospace and defense, industrial, HealthTech, capital equipment, communications, and enterprise markets. Celestica Inc. was incorporated in 1994 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.;tech
CLVT;Clarivate Plc operates as an information services provider in the Americas, the Middle East, Africa, Europe, and the Asia Pacific. It operates through three segments: Academia & Government, Life Sciences & Healthcare, and Intellectual Property. The company provides scientific and academic research, a connect data, solutions, and expertise so that research institutions can thrive; ProQuest One solutions provide access to multidisciplinary curated content across a variety of formats including data bases, dissertations, news, primary sources, books, and video; Alma, Polari, and Vega, a solution provides a proven, flexible, and unified library services platform for libraries to effectively manage their resources and unique materials. It offers IPFolio and FoundationIP, manages platform that allows companies to secure, manage, and protect their IP assets through advanced workflow automation technology, superior data and analytics, and unparalleled industry expertise and support; patent services; Derwent Innovation patent search software helps patent professionals make faster, more patentability, freedom-to-operate, and validity decisions; and CompuMark trademark search solutions as well as trademark watch and other managed services. In addition, the company provides Cortellis, a suite of products equip customers with the intelligence needed to make decisions spanning the entire drug development lifecycle. It serves corporations, universities, law firms, government agencies, public libraries, and other professional services organizations. The company was formerly known as Clarivate Analytics Plc and changed its name to Clarivate Plc in May 2020. Clarivate Plc was founded in 1864 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
CLX;The Clorox Company manufactures and markets consumer and professional products worldwide. The company operates through four segments: Health and Wellness, Household, Lifestyle, and International. The Health and Wellness segment offers home care cleaning and disinfecting products, bleach, clog removers, and laundry additives under the Clorox, Clorox2, Pine-Sol, Scentiva, Tilex, Liquid-Plumr, Poett, and Formula 409 brands; professional cleaning and disinfecting products under the CloroxPro and Clorox Healthcare brands; professional food service products under the Hidden Valley brand in the United States. The Household segment provides cat litter products under the Fresh Step and Scoop Away brands; bags and wraps under the Glad brand; and grilling products under the Kingsford brand in the United States. The Lifestyle segment offers dressings, dips, seasonings, and sauces primarily under the Hidden Valley brand; water-filtration products under the Brita brand; and natural personal care products under the Burt's Bees brand in the United States. The International segment provides laundry additives, home care products, bags and wraps, cat litter products, water-filtration systems, professional cleaning and disinfecting products, natural personal care products, food, grilling products, and digestive health products internationally primarily under the Clorox, Glad, Poett, Brita, Burt's Bees, Pine-Sol, Ever Clean, Clorinda, Chux and Fresh Step Brands. It also offers vitamins, minerals, and supplement products under the Natural Vitality, RenewLife, NeoCell, and Rainbow Light brands. The company sells its products through mass retailers; grocery outlets; warehouse clubs; dollar stores; home hardware centers; drug, pet, and military stores; third-party and owned e-commerce channels; and distributors, as well as a direct sales force. The company was founded in 1913 and is headquartered in Oakland, California.;tech
CM;Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce, a diversified financial institution, provides various financial products and services to personal, business, public sector, and institutional clients in Canada, the United States, and internationally. The company operates through Canadian Personal and Business Banking; Canadian Commercial Banking and Wealth Management; U.S. Commercial Banking and Wealth Management; Capital Markets and Direct Financial Services; and Corporate and Other segments. It offers checking, savings, agriculture, and business accounts; mortgages; business, car, education, home, and other loans; lines of credit, business lines of credit, and agriculture loans; and cash management, small business financing, and overdraft protection services. The company also provides investment and insurance services; healthcare banking; credit cards; private banking, wealth planning, investment management, and estate planning and trust; and ATMs, as well as mobile, online, and global money and wire transfer services. Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce was founded in 1867 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.;tech
CMA;Comerica Incorporated, together with its subsidiaries, provides financial services in the United States, Canada, and Mexico. The company operates through Commercial Bank, Retail Bank, and Wealth Management segments. The Commercial Bank segment offers various products and services, including commercial loans and lines of credit, deposits, cash management, payment solutions, card services, capital market products, international trade finance, letters of credit, foreign exchange management services, and loan syndication services for small and middle market businesses, multinational corporations, and governmental entities. The Retail Bank segment provides personal financial services, such as consumer lending, consumer deposit gathering, and mortgage loan origination; and various consumer products that include deposit accounts, installment loans, credit cards, home equity lines of credit, and residential mortgage loans. The Wealth Management segment offers products and services comprising financial planning, trust and fiduciary services, investment management and advisory, brokerage, private banking, and business transition planning services for affluents, high-net worth and ultra-high-net-worth individuals and families, business owners and executives, and institutional clients. The company was formerly known as DETROITBANK Corporation and changed its name to Comerica Incorporated in July 1982. Comerica Incorporated was founded in 1849 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
CMBT;Cmb.Tech NV engages in marine transportation business in Belgium. It operates through three divisions: Marine, H2 Infra, and H2 Industry. The Marine division owns and operates fleet of crude oil tankers, bulk carriers, container ships, chemicals, offshore wind support vessels, tugboats, and ferries. The H2 Infra division develops and secures green molecule supplies; and produces and distributes green hydrogen and ammonia. The H2 Industry division provides scalable dual-fuel industrial applications. The company was formerly known as Euronav NV and changed its name to Cmb.Tech NV in October 2024. Cmb.Tech NV was incorporated in 2003 and is headquartered in Antwerp, Belgium. Cmb.Tech NV is a subsidiary of CMB NV.;tech
CMC;Commercial Metals Company manufactures, recycles, and fabricates steel and metal products, and related materials and services in the United States, Poland, China, and internationally. It operates through three segments: North America Steel Group; Europe Steel Group; and Emerging Businesses Group. The company processes and sells ferrous and nonferrous scrap metals to steel mills and foundries, aluminum sheet and ingot manufacturers, brass and bronze ingot makers, copper refineries and mills, secondary lead smelters, specialty steel mills, high temperature alloy manufacturers, and other consumers. It also manufactures and sells finished long steel products, including reinforcing bar, merchant bar, light structural, and other special sections, as well as semi-finished billets for rerolling and forging applications. In addition, the company provides fabricated rebar used to reinforce concrete primarily in the construction of commercial and non-commercial buildings, hospitals, convention centers, industrial plants, power plants, highways, bridges, arenas, stadiums, and dams; sells and rents construction-related products and equipment to concrete installers and other businesses; and manufactures and sells strength bars for the truck trailer industry, special bar steels for the energy market, and armor plates for military vehicles. Further, it manufactures rebars, merchant bars, and wire rods; and sells fabricated rebars, wire meshes, welded steel mesh, wire rod, cold rolled rebar, cold rolled wire rod, assembled rebar cages and other fabricated rebar by-products to fabricators, manufacturers, distributors, and construction companies. The company was founded in 1915 and is headquartered in Irving, Texas.;tech
CMCM;Cheetah Mobile Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides internet services, artificial intelligence (AI), and other services in the People's Republic of China, Hong Kong, Japan, and internationally. The company offers internet products that include Duba Anti-virus applications, such as anti-virus and anti-malware, K+ defense, system protection, online shopping protection, vulnerability fixing, and membership services; Yuanqi Wallpaper, including desktop beautification, wallpaper management, and wallpaper creation. Its AI and other offerings include delivery and reception robots, Global to B services, and AI-powered business applications. In addition, the company offers Duba.com, a personal start page; artificial intelligence technologies; image viewer; and office optimization software. It serves mobile advertising networks and partners, e-commerce companies, mobile application developers, and mobile game developers, as well as individual customers. The company was formerly known as Kingsoft Internet Software Holdings Limited and changed its name to Cheetah Mobile Inc. in March 2014. Cheetah Mobile Inc. was incorporated in 2009 and is based in Beijing, the People's Republic of China.;tech
CMG;Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, owns and operates Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. It sells food and beverages, such as burritos, burrito bowls, quesadillas, tacos, and salads, as well as lifestyle bowls, kids's meal, chips, sides, and drinks. The company also provides delivery and related services through its app and website. It has operations in the United States, Canada, France, Germany, Dubai, and the United Kingdom. Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc. was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Newport Beach, California.;tech
CMI;Cummins Inc. offers various power solutions worldwide. It operates through five segments: Engine, Distribution, Components, Power Systems, and Accelera. The company offers diesel and natural gas-powered engines; and drivetrain systems, including axles, drivelines, brakes, and suspension systems; truck, trailer, on- and off-highway, and other products. It also provides aftertreatment technology and solutions comprising custom engineering systems and integrated controls, oxidation catalysts, particulate filters, and selective catalytic reduction systems, as well as engineered components, including dosers; turbochargers, fuel systems, and valvetrain technologies; electronic control modules, sensors, and supporting software; and automated manual transmissions, dual-clutch transmissions, and automatic transmissions for internal combustion engines. In addition, the company sells and offers support services power generation systems, high-horsepower engines, and heavy-duty and medium-duty engines; offers application engineering services, custom-designed assemblies, and inshop and field-based repair services; and retails and wholesales aftermarket parts. Further, it offers standby and prime power generators, controls, paralleling systems, and transfer switches; turnkey solutions for distributed generation and energy management applications using natural gas, diesel, and newer alternative sustainable fuels; diesel and natural gas high-speed, high-horsepower engines; and A/C generator/alternator products. Additionally, the company provides electrified power systems, including batteries, fuel cells, and electric powertrain technologies, as well as hydrogen production technologies. It sells its products to original equipment manufacturers, distributors, dealers, and other customers. The company was formerly known as Cummins Engine Company and changed its name to Cummins Inc. in 2001. Cummins Inc. was founded in 1919 and is headquartered in Columbus, Indiana.;tech
CMP;Compass Minerals International, Inc., provides essential minerals in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, and internationally. It operates through two segments, Salt and Plant Nutrition. The Salt segment produces, markets, and sells sodium chloride and magnesium chloride, including rock salt, mechanically and solar evaporated salt, and brine and flake magnesium chloride products; and purchases potassium chloride and calcium chloride to sell as finished products or to blend with sodium chloride to produce specialty products. This segment provides products for use as a deicer for roadways, consumer, and professional use; as an ingredient in chemical production; for water treatment, human, and animal nutrition; and for various other consumer and industrial uses, as well as records management services. The Plant Nutrition segment produces sulfate of potash specialty fertilizers in various grades that are used in broadcast spreaders, direct application, and liquid fertilizer solutions under the Protassium+ brand name; turf products used by the turf and ornamental markets, as well as for blends used on golf course greens; organic products; and develops and produces a portfolio of magnesium chloride-based aerial and ground fire retardant products. This segment provides its products to distributors and retailers of crop inputs, as well as growers. The company was formerly known as Salt Holdings Corporation and changed its name to Compass Minerals International, Inc. in December 2003. Compass Minerals International, Inc. was founded in 1844 and is headquartered in Overland Park, Kansas.;tech
CMRE;Costamare Inc. owns and operates containerships and dry bulk vessels worldwide. Its containerships are chartered to liner companies providing transportation of cargoes. The company also charters dry bulk vessels to various customers providing worldwide transportation for dry bulk cargoes. As of February 12, 2025, it had a fleet of fleet of 68 containerships and 38 dry bulk vessels. The company was founded in 1974 and is based in Monaco.;tech
CMS;CMS Energy Corporation operates as an energy company primarily in Michigan. The company operates through three segments: Electric Utility; Gas Utility; and NorthStar Clean Energy. The Electric Utility segment is involved in the generation, purchase, distribution, and sale of electricity. This segment generates electricity through coal, wind, gas, renewable energy, oil, and nuclear sources. Its distribution system comprises 270 miles of high-voltage distribution overhead lines; 4 miles of high-voltage distribution underground lines; 4,646 miles of high-voltage distribution overhead lines; 18 miles of high-voltage distribution underground lines; 81,924 miles of electric distribution overhead lines; 9,775 miles of underground distribution lines; and 1,098 substations. The Gas Utility segment engages in the purchase, transmission, storage, distribution, and sale of natural gas, which includes 2,342 miles of transmission lines; 15 gas storage fields; 28,368 miles of distribution mains; and 8 compressor stations. The NorthStar Clean Energy segment is involved in the independent power production and marketing, including the development and operation of renewable generation. The company serves 1.9 million electric and 1.8 million gas customers, including residential, commercial, and diversified industrial customers. The company was incorporated in 1987 and is headquartered in Jackson, Michigan.;tech
CMTG;Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. operates as a real estate investment trust. It focuses on originating senior and subordinate loans on transitional commercial real estate assets in the United States. The company has elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust. As a result, it would not be subject to federal and state income tax on that portion of its income that is distributed to shareholders if it distributes at least 90% of its taxable income and complies with certain other requirements to quality as a REIT. Claros Mortgage Trust, Inc. was incorporated in 2015 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
CMU;MFS High Yield Municipal Trust is a close ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Massachusetts Financial Services Company. The fund invests in fixed income markets of the United States. It primarily invests in tax-exempt bonds and tax-exempt notes. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against Barclays Municipal Bond Index. It was formerly known as Colonial Municipal Income Trust. MFS High Yield Municipal Trust was founded in March 19, 1987 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
CNC;Centene Corporation operates as a healthcare enterprise that provides programs and services to under-insured and uninsured families, and commercial organizations in the United States. The company operates through four segments: Medicaid, Medicare, Commercial, and Other. The Medicaid segment offers the temporary assistance for needy families; medicaid expansion; aged, blind, or disabled; and children's health insurance programs, as well as long-term services and supports; foster care; and medicare-medicaid plans. This segment also provides healthcare products and services. The Medicare segment offers special needs and medicare supplement, and prescription drug plans. The Commercial segment provides health insurance marketplace product for individual, small, and large group commercials. The Other segment operates clinical healthcare and pharmacies, as well as offers vision and dental, behavioral health, federal, and corporate management services. It provides services through primary and specialty care physicians, hospitals, behavioral health practitioners, and ancillary providers. The company was founded in 1984 and is headquartered in Saint Louis, Missouri.;tech
CNF;CNFinance Holdings Limited, through its subsidiaries, provides home equity loan services in Mainland China. The company offers micro credit loan services for micro and small-enterprise owners; loan facilitation, post-facilitation, and guarantee services for commercial banks; and loan lending agency services for financial institutions. It also provides bridge loan products, which are unsecured short-term loans to pay off borrowers' existing loans secured by real property. CNFinance Holdings Limited was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Guangzhou, the People's Republic of China.;tech
CNH;CNH Industrial N.V., an equipment and services company, engages in the design, production, marketing, sale, and financing of agricultural and construction equipment in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, South America, and the Asia Pacific. The company operates through three segments: Agriculture, Construction, and Financial Services. The Agriculture segment designs, manufactures, and distributes farm machinery and implements, including two-wheel and four-wheel drive tractors, crawler tractors, combines, grape and sugar cane harvesters, hay and forage equipment, planting and seeding equipment, soil preparation and cultivation implements, material handling equipment, and precision agriculture solutions under Case IH, New Holland, STEYR, and Raven brands. The Construction segment designs, manufactures, and distributes construction equipment comprising excavators, crawler dozers, graders, wheel loaders, backhoe loaders, skid steer loaders, and compact track loaders under the CASE Construction Equipment, New Ho-lland Construction, and Eurocomach brands. The Financial Services segment provides and administers financing to end-use customers for the purchase of new and used agricultural and construction equipment and components, as well as revolving charge account financing and other financial services under the Banco CNH brand. It also offers wholesale financing and trade receivables factoring services. CNH Industrial N.V. was founded in 1842 and is headquartered in Basildon, the United Kingdom.;tech
CNI;Canadian National Railway Company, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the rail, intermodal, trucking, and related transportation businesses in Canada and the United States. The company provides rail services, which include equipment, custom brokerage services, transloading and distribution, business development and real estate, and private car storage services; and intermodal services, such as temperature controlled cargo, port partnerships, transloading and distribution, logistics parks, customs brokerage, and trucking. It offers door-to-door services, import and export dray, and interline services, as well as specialized services, comprising flatbed trucks, on-deck mobile transport trays, expedited cargo, and permit/overweight services; and supply chain services. The company serves automotive, coal, fertilizers, temperature controlled cargo, forest products, dimensional, grain, metal and minerals, petroleum and chemicals, consumer goods, and third party logistics applications. It track, maintenance, and strategic infrastructure initiatives for the safe movement of goods and support long-term sustainable growth in Minnesota and across CN's network. The company was incorporated in 1919 and is headquartered in Montreal, Canada.;tech
CNM;Core & Main, Inc. distributes water, wastewater, storm drainage, and fire protection products and related services in the United States. Its products portfolio include pipes, valves, hydrants, fittings, and other products and services used for service, repair and replacement of underground water infrastructure; storm drainage products, such as corrugated HDPE and metal piping systems, retention basins, inline drains, manholes, grates, geosynthetics, erosion control, and other related products; fire protection products, including fire protection pipes, valves, fittings, sprinkler heads and other accessories, as well as fabrication and kitting services; smart meter products; and smart metering solutions which include meter accessories, meter installation, network infrastructure and software installation, training, and long-term services, as well as engineered treatment plant products. The company's specialty products and services are used in the maintenance, repair, replacement, and construction of water, wastewater, storm drainage, and fire protection infrastructure. It serves municipalities, private water companies, and professional contractors in the municipal, non-residential, and residential end markets. Core & Main, Inc. was founded in 1874 and is headquartered in Saint Louis, Missouri.;tech
CNMD;CONMED Corporation, a medical technology company, develops, manufactures, and sells devices and equipment for surgical procedures in the United States and internationally. The company offers orthopedic surgery products, including BioBrace, TruShot with Y-Knot All-In-One Soft Tissue Fixation System, Y-knot All-Suture Anchors, and Agro Knotless Suture Anchors, which provide clinical solutions to orthopedic surgeons for the augmentation and repair of soft tissue injuries, as well as provides supporting products that enable surgeons to perform minimally invasive sports medicine surgeries. It markets orthopedic surgery products under the Hall, CONMED Linvatec, Concept, and Shutt brands. It also provides battery-powered and autoclavable bone power tool systems for use in orthopedic, arthroscopic, oral/maxillofacial, podiatric, spinal, and cardiothoracic surgeries under Hall surgical brand name. In addition, the company offers general surgery products, including clinical insufflation systems under AirSeal brand; smoke removal devices under Buffalo Filter brand; endomechanical products, such as tissue retrieval bags, trocars, suction irrigation devices, graspers, scissors, and dissectors used in minimally invasive surgeries; and electrosurgical solution comprising monopolar and bipolar generators, argon beam coagulation generators, handpieces, smoke management systems and other accessories. Further, the company provides endoscopic technologies, including therapeutic and diagnostic products for use in gastroenterology procedures, and products for the treatment of diseases of the dilatation, hemostasis, biliary, structure management, and infection prevention; and patient monitoring, including ECG and EEG electrodes, and cardiac defibrillation pads. It markets its products directly to hospitals, surgery centers, and other healthcare institutions, as well as through medical specialty distributors. The company was incorporated in 1970 and is headquartered in Largo, Florida.;tech
CNNE;Cannae Holdings, Inc. is a principal investment firm. The firm primarily invests in restaurants, technology enabled healthcare services, financial services and more. It takes both minority and majority stakes. Cannae Holdings, Inc. was founded in 2014 and is based in Las Vegas, Nevada.;tech
CNO;CNO Financial Group, Inc., through its subsidiaries, develops, markets, and administers health insurance, annuity, individual life insurance, insurance products, and financial services for middle-income pre-retiree and retired Americans in the United States. It offers Medicare supplement, supplemental health, and long-term care insurance policies; life insurance; and annuities, as well as Medicare advantage plans to individual consumers through phone, virtually, online, and face-to-face with agents. The company also focuses on sale of voluntary benefit life and health insurance products for businesses, associations, and other membership groups by interacting with customers at their place of employment. In addition, it provides fixed indexed annuities; fixed interest annuities, including fixed rate single and flexible premium deferred annuities; single premium immediate annuities; supplemental health products, such as specified disease, accident, and hospital indemnity products; and long-term care plans primarily to retirees, lesser degree, and older self-employed individuals in the middle-income market. Further, the company offers universal life and other interest-sensitive life products; and traditional life policies that include whole life, graded benefit life, term life, and single premium whole life products, as well as graded benefit life insurance products. It markets its products under the Bankers Life, Washington National, and Colonial Penn brand names. The company was founded in 1979 and is headquartered in Carmel, Indiana.;tech
CNP;CenterPoint Energy, Inc. operates as a public utility holding company in the United States. The company operates in Electric and Natural Gas segments. The Electric segment provides electric transmission and distribution services to electric customers and electric generation assets, as well as optimizes assets in the wholesale power market in Indiana Electric's service territory. The Natural Gas segment engages in the intrastate natural gas sales, and natural gas transportation and distribution for residential, commercial, and industrial customers in Indiana, Louisiana, Minnesota, Mississippi, Ohio, and Texas; permanent pipeline connections through interconnects with various interstate and intrastate pipeline companies; and provides home appliance maintenance and repair services to customers in Minnesota and home repair protection plans to natural gas customers in Indiana, Mississippi, Ohio, and Texas through a third party. As of December 31, 2024, it served approximately 2,818,343 metered customers; owned 352 substations with transformer capacity of 80,659 megavolt amperes; and owned and operated approximately 219 miles of intrastate pipeline in Louisiana and Texas. The company was founded in 1866 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
CNQ;Canadian Natural Resources Limited engages in the acquisition, exploration, development, production, marketing, and sale of crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids (NGLs) in Western Canada, the United Kingdom sector of the North Sea, and Offshore Africa. The company offers light and medium crude oil, primary heavy crude oil, Pelican Lake heavy crude oil, bitumen (thermal oil), and synthetic crude oil (SCO). Its midstream assets include two crude oil pipeline systems; and a 50% working interest in an 84-megawatt cogeneration plant at Primrose. The company was formerly known as AEX Minerals Corporation and changed its name to Canadian Natural Resources Limited in December 1975. Canadian Natural Resources Limited was incorporated in 1973 and is headquartered in Calgary, Canada.;tech
CNS;Cohen & Steers, Inc. is a publicly owned asset management holding company. Through its subsidiaries, the firm provides its services to institutional investors, including pension funds, endowments, and foundations. It manages separate client-focused equity, fixed income, multi-asset, and commodity portfolios through its subsidiaries. The firm launches and manages equity, fixed income, balanced, and multi-asset mutual funds through its subsidiaries. Through its subsidiaries, it also launches and manages hedge funds. The firm invests in public equity, fixed income, and commodity markets across the globe through its subsidiaries. Through its subsidiaries, it invests in companies operating in the real estate sector, including real estate investment trusts, infrastructure sector, and natural energy resources sector for its equity and fixed income investments. The firm also invests in preferred securities for its fixed income investments through its subsidiaries. The firm is a leading global investment manager specializing in real assets and alternative income, including real estate, preferred securities, infrastructure, resource equities, commodities, as well as multi-strategy solutions. Cohen & Steers, Inc. was founded in 1986 and is based in New York.;tech
CNX;CNX Resources Corporation, an independent natural gas and midstream company, engages in the acquisition, exploration, development, and production of natural gas properties in the Appalachian Basin. The company operates in two segments, Shale and Coalbed Methane (CBM). It produces and sells pipeline quality natural gas primarily for gas wholesalers. The company owns rights to extract natural gas from shale properties in Pennsylvania, West Virginia, and Ohio, as well as rights to extract natural gas from other shale and shallow oil and gas formations in Illinois, Indiana, New York, and Virginia. It also owns rights to extract CBM in Virginia, West Virginia, Pennsylvania, Ohio, Illinois, Indiana, and New Mexico. In addition, the company designs, builds, and operates natural gas gathering systems to move gas from the wellhead to interstate pipelines or other local sales points; owns and operates approximately 2,700 miles of natural gas gathering pipelines, as well as various natural gas processing facilities. It also offers turn-key solutions for water sourcing, delivery, and disposal for its natural gas operations and for third parties. The company was formerly known as CONSOL Energy Inc. and changed its name to CNX Resources Corporation in November 2017. CNX Resources Corporation was founded in 1860 and is headquartered in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania.;tech
CODI;Compass Diversified is a private equity firm specializing in add on acquisitions, buyouts, industry consolidation, recapitalization, late stage, and middle market investments. It seeks to invest in leading industrial or branded consumer companies, textiles, Apparel and Luxury goods, trading companies and distributors, manufacturing, distribution, consumer discretionary, commercial services and supplies, consumer products, capital good, Leisure Product, consumer service, consumer staples, household durables, business services sector, infrastructure healthcare, safety & security, electronic components, food, and foodservice. The firm prefers to invest in companies based in North America. It seeks to invest between $80 million to$800 million and EBITDA starting from $10 million per annum. It seeks to acquire controlling ownership interests in its portfolio companies and can make additional platform acquisitions. The firm prefer to have controlled and majority stake in companies. The firm invests through its balance sheet and typically holds investments between five to seven years. Compass Diversified was incorporated in 2005 and is based in Westport, Connecticut with an additional office in Costa Mesa, California.;tech
COF;Capital One Financial Corporation operates as the financial services holding company for the Capital One, National Association, which engages in the provision of various financial products and services in the United States, Canada, and the United Kingdom. It operates through three segments: Credit Card, Consumer Banking, and Commercial Banking. The company accepts checking accounts, money market deposits, negotiable order of withdrawals, savings deposits, and time deposits. Its loan products include credit card loans; auto and retail banking loans; and commercial and multifamily real estate, and commercial and industrial loans. The company offers credit and debit card products; online direct banking services; and provides advisory, capital markets, treasury management, and depository services. It serves consumers, small businesses, and commercial clients through digital channels, branches, cafés, and other distribution channels located in New York, Louisiana, Texas, Maryland, Virginia, New Jersey, and California. Capital One Financial Corporation was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in McLean, Virginia.;tech
COHR;Coherent Corp. develops, manufactures, and markets engineered materials, optoelectronic components and devices, and laser systems for the use in the industrial, communications, electronics, and instrumentation markets worldwide. It operates through three segments: Networking, Materials, and Lasers. The Networking segment offers transceivers, systems, subsystems, modules, components, optics, and semiconductor devices for datacenter and communications applications. The Materials segment provides engineered materials, laser optics, thermoelectric components, and advanced ceramic and metal-matrix composite materials and products; and vertical-cavity surface-emitting laser, edge-emitting laser, pump lasers, high-power lasers for materials processing, and integrated circuit. The Laser segment offers excimer lasers, solid-state lasers, CO2 lasers, and laser systems for various industrial applications, including semiconductor capital equipment, display manufacturing, precision manufacturing, and scientific research; and laser systems and subsystems. It markets its products and services through direct sales force, representatives, and distributors. The company was formerly known as II-VI Incorporated and changed its name to Coherent Corp. in September 2022. Coherent Corp. was incorporated in 1971 and is headquartered in Saxonburg, Pennsylvania.;tech
COLD;Americold is a global leader in temperature-controlled logistics real estate and value-added services. Focused on the ownership, operation, acquisition and development of temperature-controlled warehouses, Americold owns and/or operates 238 temperature-controlled warehouses, with approximately 1.4 billion refrigerated cubic feet of storage, in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and South America. Americold's facilities are an integral component of the supply chain connecting food producers, processors, distributors and retailers to consumers.;tech
COMP;Compass, Inc. provides real estate brokerage services in the United States. It operates the Compass Platform, a technology platform that provides an integrated suite of cloud-based software for customer relationship management, marketing, client service, brokerage services, and other functionalities for the real estate industry; and the CIRE platform, a multi-tenant technology platform for affiliates and its agents. The company also offers mobile apps that allow agents to manage their business anytime and anywhere, as well as designs consumer-grade user interfaces, automated and simplified workflows for agent-client interactions, and insight-rich dashboards and reports. In addition, it provides full-service title, escrow, and settlement services to the agents' clients, real estate companies, and financial institutions relating to the closing of home purchases as well as the refinancing of home loans; and Compass Concierge, a program in which provides home sellers access to capital to front the cost of home improvement services. The company was formerly known as Urban Compass, Inc. and changed its name to Compass, Inc. in January 2021. Compass, Inc. was incorporated in 2012 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
CON;Concentra Group Holdings Parent, Inc. provides occupational health services in the United States. The company offers occupational health services, including workers compensation, employer, and consumer health services; and employer-sponsored primary care services at workplace, including mobile health and episodic specialty testing services. It also operates Concentra Telemed, a telemedicine platform for the treatment of work-related injuries and illnesses; Concentra Pharmacy for distributing repackaged medications; and Concentra Medical Compliance Administration, a third-party administrator that helps to manage abuse testing programs for employers with regulated or non-regulated workforces. In addition, the company provides injury care, primary care, urgent care, preventive care, clinical testing, physical examinations and evaluations, drug and alcohol screenings, clinical testing, vaccinations and other preventive care, and a range of consultative services designed to protect employees from workplace hazards. The company was founded in 1979 and is based in Addison, Texas. Concentra Group Holdings Parent, Inc. was formerly a subsidiary of Select Medical Corporation.;tech
COOK;Traeger, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, sources, sells, and supports wood pellet fueled barbecue grills and pellet fueled barbecue grills for retailers, distributors, and direct to consumers in the United States and internationally. The company's wood pellet grills are internet of things devices that allow owners to program, monitor, and control their grill through its Traeger app. It also produces a library of digital content, including instructional recipes and videos that demonstrate tips, tricks, and cooking techniques that empower Traeger owners to progress their cooking skills; and short- and long-form branded content highlighting stories, community members, and lifestyle content from the Traegerhood. In addition, the company provides wood pellets that are used to fire the grills; rubs, spices, and sauces; accessories, such as pop-and-lock accessory rail covers, drip trays, bucket liners, storage bins, and shelves; tools to aid in meal prep, cooking, and cleanup, including pellet storage systems, cleaning solutions, barbecue tools, and MEATER smart thermometer; replacement parts; and apparel and merchandise, including t-shirts, hooded sweatshirts, and baseball hats. Traeger, Inc. was founded in 1987 and is headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah.;tech
COP;ConocoPhillips explores for, produces, transports, and markets crude oil, bitumen, natural gas, liquefied natural gas (LNG), and natural gas liquids. The company operates in six segments: Alaska; Lower 48; Canada; Europe, Middle East and North Africa; Asia Pacific; and Other International. The company's portfolio includes unconventional plays in North America; conventional assets in North America, Europe, Asia, and Australia; global LNG developments; oil sands assets in Canada; and an inventory of global exploration prospects. It serves in the United States, Canada, China, Equatorial Guinea, Libya, Malaysia, Norway, Singapore, the United Kingdom, and internationally ConocoPhillips was founded in 1917 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
COPL;Copley Acquisition Corp does not have significant operations. It focuses on effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses. The company intends to focus on identifying companies in the technology or lifestyle sectors in the Asia Pacific and North American region. The company was incorporated in 2024 and is based in Central, Hong Kong.;tech
COR;Cencora, Inc. sources and distributes pharmaceutical products in the United States and internationally. The company's U.S. Healthcare Solutions segment distributes pharmaceuticals, over-the-counter healthcare products, home healthcare supplies and equipment, and related services to acute care hospitals and health systems, independent and chain retail pharmacies, mail order pharmacies, medical clinics, long-term care and alternate site pharmacies, and other customers; provides pharmacy management, staffing, and other consulting services; supply management software to retail and institutional healthcare providers; packaging solutions to institutional and retail healthcare providers; clinical trial support, product post-approval, and commercialization support services; data analytics, outcomes research, and other services for biotechnology and pharmaceutical manufacturers; pharmaceuticals, vaccines, parasiticides, diagnostics, micro feed ingredients, and other products to the companion animal and production animal markets; and sales force services to manufacturers. This segment also distributes plasma and other blood products, injectable pharmaceuticals, vaccines, and other specialty products; and offers other services to physicians who specialize in various disease states, such as oncology, as well as to other healthcare providers, including hospitals and dialysis clinics. Its International Healthcare Solutions segment provides international pharmaceutical wholesale and related service, and global commercialization services; distributes pharmaceuticals, other healthcare products, and related services to pharmacies, doctors, health centers, and hospitals; and offers specialty transportation and logistics services for the biopharmaceutical industry. The company was formerly known as AmerisourceBergen Corporation and changed its name to Cencora, Inc. in August 2023. Cencora, Inc. was founded in 1871 and is headquartered in Conshohocken, Pennsylvania.;tech
COSO;CoastalSouth Bancshares, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for Coastal States Bank that provides various banking products and services to retail and commercial customers. The company accepts various deposits, including individual retirement accounts, certificates of deposits, minor savings accounts, noninterest-bearing demand deposits, as well as checking, savings, and money market accounts. It offers commercial loans, such as acquisition, development, and construction loans; income-producing and owner-occupied commercial real estate loans; senior housing loans; small business administration loans; and commercial and industrial loans. In addition, the company offers retail loans, including marine vessels, residential mortgages, home equity loans, cash value life insurance line of credit, and other consumer loans. Further, it provides commercial and government guaranteed lending; treasury management; home builder financing, senior housing, and warehouse lending; and correspondent banking, credit and debit cards, and digital banking, including card management, e-statement, bill payment, telephone banking, alerts, transfers, and mobile deposits. It operates retail banking branches in the Lowcountry of South Carolina; Savannah, Georgia; and metro Atlanta, Georgia. The company was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
COTY;Coty Inc., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures, markets, distributes, and sells branded beauty products worldwide. It operates through two segments: the Prestige and Consumer Beauty. The company provides fragrance, color cosmetics, and skin and body care products. It offers prestige products through prestige retailers, including perfumeries, department stores, e-retailers, direct-to-consumer websites, and duty-free shops under the Burberry, Calvin Klein, Chloe, Davidoff, Escada, Etro, Gucci, Hugo Boss, Infiniment Coty Paris, Jil Sander, Joop!, Kylie Cosmetics by Kylie Jenner, Lancaster, Marc Jacobs, Orveda, philosophy, and Tiffany & Co. brands. The company provides beauty products through hypermarkets, supermarkets, drug stores, pharmacies, mid-tier department stores, traditional food and drug retailers, and e-commerce retailers under the Adidas, Beckham, Bozzano, Bourjois, Bruno Banani, CoverGirl, Jovan, LeGer by Lena Gercke, Max Factor, Mexx, Monange, Nautica, Paixao, Rimmel, Risque, Vera Wang, and Sally Hansen brands. It also sells its products through third-party distributors. The company was founded in 1904 and is headquartered in New York, New York. Coty Inc. is a subsidiary of JAB Beauty B.V.;tech
COUR;Coursera, Inc. provides online educational services in the United States, Europe, Africa, the Asia Pacific, the Middle East, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Consumer, Enterprise, and Degrees. The company offers guided projects, courses, and specializations, as well as online degrees; and certificates for entry-level professional, non-entry level professional, university, and MasterTrack. It offers its products to individuals, enterprise, business, campus, and government. The company was formerly known as Dkandu, Inc. and changed its name to Coursera, Inc. in April 2012. Coursera, Inc. was incorporated in 2011 and is headquartered in Mountain View, California.;tech
CP;Canadian Pacific Kansas City Limited, together with its subsidiaries, owns and operates a transcontinental freight railway in Canada, the United States, and Mexico. The transports bulk commodities, including grain, coal, potash, fertilizers, and sulphur; merchandise freight, such as forest products, energy, chemicals and plastics, metals, minerals, consumer products, and automotive; and intermodal traffic comprising retail goods in overseas containers. It also provides rail and intermodal transportation services over a network of approximately 20,000 miles serving business centers. The company was formerly known as Canadian Pacific Railway Limited and changed its name to Canadian Pacific Kansas City Limited in April 2023. Canadian Pacific Kansas City Limited was incorporated in 1881 and is headquartered in Calgary, Canada.;tech
CPA;Copa Holdings, S.A., through its subsidiaries, provides airline passenger and cargo transport services. As of December 31, 2024, it operated through a fleet of 112 aircraft. The company was founded in 1947 and is based in Panama City, Panama.;tech
CPAC;Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A. produces, distributes, and sells cement and cement-related materials in Peru. It operates in three segments: Cement, Concrete, Mortar and Precast; Quicklime; and Sales of Construction Supplies. The company offers cement and concrete products for use in residential and commercial construction, and civil engineering; ready-mix concrete for use in construction sites; concrete precast, such as paving units or paver stones for pedestrian walkways, as well as other bricks for partition walls and concrete precast for structural and non-structural uses; and cement-based products. It also produces and distributes quicklime for use in steel, food, fishing, and chemical industries. In addition, the company sells and distributes other construction materials manufactured by third parties, such as steel rebar, wires, nails, corrugated iron, electric conductors, and plastic tubes and accessories. It offers its products directly to other retailers, private construction companies, and through a network of independent retailers and hardware stores. The company was incorporated in 1949 and is headquartered in Lima, Peru. Cementos Pacasmayo S.A.A. is a subsidiary of Inversiones ASPI S.A.;tech
CPAI;Under normal market circumstances, the fund invests at least 80% of its assets in common stocks and American Depositary Receipts. The fund holds at least 50 U.S. listed stocks or American Depository Receipts. The stocks selected are of companies of any market capitalization and are among the highest-ranking stocks as determined by quantitative models. The quantitative models use machine learning technology to rank stocks of companies of U.S. domiciled companies and ADRs of any market capitalization.;tech
CPAY;Corpay, Inc. operates as a payments company that helps businesses and consumers manage vehicle-related expenses, lodging expenses, and corporate payments in the United States, Brazil, the United Kingdom, and internationally. The company offers vehicle payment solutions, which include fuel, tolls, parking, vehicle compliance, fleet maintenance, and long-haul transportation services, as well as prepaid food and transportation vouchers and cards. It also provides corporate payment solutions consisting of accounts payable AP automation; virtual cards, cross-border solutions; and purchasing and T&E travel and entertainment card products, as well as lodging payments solutions for employees who travel overnight for work purposes; traveling crews and stranded passengers from airlines and cruise lines; and insurance policyholders displaced from their homes due to damage or catastrophe; workforce lodging solutions for business travel programs; airline logistics, crew management, insurance, and other payments solutions. In addition, the company offers gifts and payroll cards. It serves business, merchant, consumer, and payment network customers. The company was formerly known as FLEETCOR Technologies, Inc. and changed its name to Corpay, Inc. in March 2024. Corpay, Inc. was founded in 1986 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
CPF;Central Pacific Financial Corp. operates as the bank holding company for Central Pacific Bank that provides a range of commercial banking products and services to businesses, professionals, and individuals in the United States. The company offers various deposit products and services, including checking, savings and time deposits, cash management and digital banking, trust, and retail brokerage services, as well as money market accounts and certificates of deposit. It also provides various lending activities, such as commercial, commercial and residential mortgage, home equity, and consumer loans; and other products and services comprising debit cards, internet and mobile banking, cash management services, full-service ATMs, safe deposit boxes, international banking services, night depository facilities, foreign exchange, and wire transfers. In addition, the company offers wealth management products and services that include non-deposit investment products, annuities, insurance, investment management, asset custody and general consultation, and planning services. Central Pacific Financial Corp. was founded in 1954 and is headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii.;tech
CPK;Chesapeake Utilities Corporation operates as an energy delivery company in the United States. It operates through two segments: Regulated Energy and Unregulated Energy. The Regulated Energy segment natural gas distribution operations in central and southern Delaware, Maryland's eastern shore, and Florida; regulated natural gas transmission in the Delmarva Peninsula, Ohio, and Florida; and regulated electric distribution in northeast and northwest Florida. Its Unregulated Energy segment engages in the propane operations in the Mid-Atlantic region, North Carolina, South Carolina, and Florida; unregulated natural gas transmission/supply operation in central and eastern Ohio; generation of electricity and steam; provision of compressed natural gas, liquefied natural gas, and renewable natural gas transportation and pipeline solutions primarily to utilities and pipelines in the United States; and sustainable energy investments. This segment also involved in the provision of other unregulated energy services, such as energy-related merchandise sale and heating, ventilation and air conditioning, and plumbing and electrical services. Chesapeake Utilities Corporation was founded in 1859 and is headquartered in Dover, Delaware.;tech
CPNG;Coupang, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, owns and operates retail business through its mobile applications and internet websites in South Korea and internationally. It operates through Product Commerce and Developing Offerings segments. The Product Commerce segment includes Korean retail and marketplace offerings; Rocket Fresh, a fresh grocery offering; and advertising products. The Developing Offerings segment offers Coupang Eats, a restaurant ordering and delivery service; Coupang Play, an online content streaming service; fintech activities; and Farfetch, a luxury fashion marketplace. It also performs operations and support services in the United States, South Korea, Taiwan, Singapore, China, Japan, and India. Coupang, Inc. was incorporated in 2010 and is headquartered in Seattle, Washington.;tech
CPRI;Capri Holdings Limited engages in the design, marketing, distribution, and retail of branded women's and men's apparel, footwear, and accessories in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, and the Oceania. It operates through three segments: Versace, Jimmy Choo, and Michael Kors. The company offers ready-to-wear, eyewear, watches, jewelry, fragrances, home furnishings, handbags, small leather goods, scarves and belts, and shoes and related accessories through a distribution network, including boutiques, and department and specialty stores, as well as through e-commerce sites. It also undertakes licensing agreements relating to manufacture and sale of watches, jewelry, eyewear, and fragrances. The company was formerly known as Michael Kors Holdings Limited and changed its name to Capri Holdings Limited in December 2018. Capri Holdings Limited was founded in 1981 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
CPS;Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc., through its subsidiary, manufactures and sells sealing, fuel and brake delivery, and fluid transfer systems in the North America, Europe, the Asia Pacific, and the South America. The company offers sealing systems, such as metal, plastic or wire carrier seals; rubber, silicone, and plastic sheeting; aesthetic and functional exterior surface treatment, as well as molded seals and gaskets, including compression molded, and transfer molded or injection molded products from various rubber and plastic materials. It also provides fuel and brake delivery systems, such as bundles, fuel rails, fuel rail technology, fuel and vapor lines, metallic brake and tank lines; fluid transfer systems, including air intake and charge air hoses, brake and clutch hoses, diesel particulate filter and SCR emissions lines, heater and coolant, secondary air, and transmission oil cooling hoses, sense, deliver, connect and control fluid delivery for optimal thermal management, powertrain & HVAC operation. In addition, the company exports rubber, silicone, plastics and select metals. Its products are primarily used in passenger vehicles and light trucks that are manufactured by automotive original equipment manufacturers and replacement markets. Cooper-Standard Holdings Inc. was founded in 1960 and is headquartered in Northville, Michigan.;tech
CPT;Camden Property Trust, an S&P 500 Company, is a real estate company primarily engaged in the ownership, management, development, redevelopment, acquisition, and construction of multifamily apartment communities. Camden owns and operates 173 properties containing 59,046 apartment homes across the United States. Upon completion of 4 properties currently under development, the Company's portfolio will increase to 60,577 apartment homes in 177 properties. Camden has been recognized as one of the 100 Best Companies to Work for by FORTUNE magazine for 18 consecutive years, most recently ranking 18.;tech
CR;Crane Company, together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells engineered industrial products in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Continental Europe, and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Aerospace & Electronics and Process Flow Technologies. The Aerospace & Electronics segment supplies critical components and systems, including original equipment and aftermarket parts for commercial aerospace, as well as the military aerospace, defense, and space markets. This segment also offers pressure sensors for aircraft engine control, aircraft braking systems for commercial aircraft and fighter jets, power conversion solutions for defense, and space applications and lubrication systems. The Process Flow Technologies segment provides other related products, such as lined pipe, fittings and hoses, vacuum jacketed air operated diaphragm and peristaltic pumps, instrumentation and sampling systems, valve positioning and control systems, vacuum insulated pipe systems, and valve diagnostic and calibration systems; pumps and systems; and commercial valves. The company was formerly known as Crane Holdings, Co. Crane Company was founded in 1855 and is based in Stamford, Connecticut.;tech
CRBG;Corebridge Financial, Inc. provides retirement solutions and insurance products in the United States. The company operates through Individual Retirement, Group Retirement, Life Insurance, and Institutional Markets segments. The Individual Retirement segment provides fixed annuities, fixed index and registered index linked, and variable annuities. The Group Retirement segment offers in-plan products and services comprising open architecture recordkeeping platform that allows plan participants to allocate money to a variety of mutual fund options or a fixed interest account; flexible group variable and fixed annuity; and in-plan investment advisory services. It also provides out-of-plan products and services, including proprietary and non-proprietary annuities; investment advisory solutions, such as fiduciary fee-based investments; and brokerage services for non-proprietary variable annuity, securities, life insurance, mutual funds, and 529 plans. The Life Insurance segment offers term, whole, index universal, and guaranteed universal life insurance products. The Institutional Markets segment provides defined contribution and bank-owned life insurance stable value wraps, structured settlement and pension risk transfer annuities, corporate and bank owned life insurance, private placement variable universal life and annuities products, and guaranteed investment contracts. The company was formerly known as SAFG Retirement Services, Inc. Corebridge Financial, Inc. was incorporated in 1998 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
CRC;California Resources Corporation operates as an independent energy and carbon management company in the United States. It operates in two segments, Oil and Natural Gas, and Carbon Management. The company explores, develops, and produces crude oil, oil condensate, natural gas liquids and natural gas to california refineries, marketers, and other purchasers. It also provides Carbon TerraVault which build, install, operate, and maintain CO2 capture equipment, transportation assets, and storage facilities. In addition, the company owns and operates power generation facilities, as well as smaller gas-fired power plants used to generate power for oil and natural gas operations. The company was incorporated in 2014 and is based in Long Beach, California.;tech
CRCL;Circle Internet Group, Inc. operates as a platform, network, and market infrastructure for stablecoin and blockchain applications. The company provides a suite of stablecoins and related products that include a network utility and application platform for organizations to benefit from stablecoins and the internet financial system; and issues a U.S. dollar-denominated stablecoin. Its stablecoins network comprises circle stablecoins, tokenized funds, liquidity, payments, and developer services, as well as integration services. The company was founded in 2013 and is based in New York, New York.;tech
CRGY;Crescent Energy Company, an energy company, engages in the exploration and production of crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids in the United States. Its activities are focused in Texas and the Rocky Mountain region. The company was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
CRH;CRH plc, together with its subsidiaries, provides building materials solutions in Ireland, the United States, the United Kingdom, rest of Europe, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Americas Materials Solutions, Americas Building Solutions, and International Solutions. The company offers building materials for the construction and maintenance of public infrastructure, and commercial and residential buildings, as well as construction and renovation of public infrastructure, critical networks, commercial and residential buildings, and outdoor living spaces; paving and construction services; and produces and sells aggregates, cement, readymixed concrete and mortars, and asphalt. It also manufactures, supplies, and delivers value-added solutions for the built environment in communities in North America; and provides building and infrastructure solutions for complex critical utility infrastructure, such as water, energy, transportation, and telecommunications projects, and outdoor living solutions for private and public spaces. In addition, the company produces and supplies precast and pre-stressed concrete products comprising floor and wall elements, beams and vaults, pipes, and manholes; and concrete and polymer-based products, such as underground vaults, drainage systems, enclosures, and modular precast structures for applications in water, energy, telecommunications, and railroad markets. Further, it provides crushed stone, sand, and gravel; a range of engineered steel and polymer-based anchoring, fixing, and connecting solutions for various new-build construction applications; concrete masonry, hardscape, and related products, including pavers, blocks and curbs, retaining walls and slabs; and fencing and railing systems, composite decking, lawn and garden products and packaged concrete mixes. CRH plc was founded in 1936 and is based in Dublin, Ireland.;tech
CRI;Carter's, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, sources, and markets branded childrenswear and related products under the Carter's, OshKosh, Skip Hop, Child of Mine, Just One You, Simple Joys, Little Planet, and other brands in the United States and internationally. It operates through three segments: U.S. Retail, U.S. Wholesale, and International. The company's Carter's products include babies and young children's products, such as bodysuits, layette essentials, sleep and play, pants, tops and t-shirts, multipiece sets, dresses, and sleepwear; and OshKosh brand products comprise playclothes, such as denim jeans, overalls, core bottoms, knit tops, t-shirts, and layering pieces. It provides products for playtime, travel, mealtime, bath time, and home gear, as well as kid's bags under the Skip Hop brand. In addition, the company offers bedding, home décor, cribs and baby furniture, diaper bags, footwear, gift sets, hair accessories, jewelry, outerwear, paper goods, socks, shoes, swimwear, and toys. It operates through wholesale locations, including department stores, national chain, and specialty retailers, as well as retail stores. The company sells its products through its eCommerce websites, such as carters.com, oshkosh.com, skiphop.com, and mobile application, as well as other international wholesale accounts and licensees. Carter's, Inc. was founded in 1865 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
CRK;Comstock Resources, Inc., an independent energy company, engages in the acquisition, exploration, development, and production of natural gas and oil properties in the United States. Its assets covering an area of approximately 1,099,090 acres are located in the Haynesville and Bossier shales located in North Louisiana and East Texas. The company was incorporated in 1919 and is headquartered in Frisco, Texas.;tech
CRL;Charles River Laboratories International, Inc. provides drug discovery, non-clinical development, and safety testing services in the United States, Europe, Canada, the Asia Pacific, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Research Models and Services (RMS), Discovery and Safety Assessment (DSA), and Manufacturing Solutions (Manufacturing). The RMS segment produces and sells rodents, and purpose-bred rats and mice for use by researchers. This segment also provides a range of services to assist its clients in supporting the use of research models in research and screening pre-clinical drug candidates, including research models, genetically engineered models and services, insourcing solutions, and research animal diagnostic services. The DSA segment offers early and in vivo discovery services for the identification and validation of novel targets, chemical compounds, and antibodies through delivery of preclinical drug and therapeutic candidates ready for safety assessment; and safety assessment services, such as toxicology, pathology, safety pharmacology, bioanalysis, drug metabolism, and pharmacokinetics services. The Manufacturing segment provides in vitro methods for conventional and rapid quality control testing of sterile and non-sterile pharmaceuticals and consumer products. This segment offers specialized testing of biologics that are outsourced by pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. It utilizes Logica, a platform offering from Valo Health, to identify advanceable small molecule leads. It provides contract vivarium operation services to biopharmaceutical clients. The company has strategic collaborations with Parker Institute for Cancer Immunotherapy and Children's Hospital Los Angeles across its contract development and manufacturing organization. The company was founded in 1947 and is headquartered in Wilmington, Massachusetts.;tech
CRM;Salesforce, Inc. provides customer relationship management (CRM) technology that connects companies and customers together worldwide. The company offers Agentforce, an agentic layer of the salesforce platform; Data Cloud, a data engine; Industries AI for creating industry-specific AI agents with Agentforce ; Salesforce Starter, a suite of solution for small and medium-size business; Slack, a workplace communication and productivity platform; Tableau, an end-to-end analytics solution for range of enterprise use cases and intelligent analytics with AI models, spot trends, predict outcomes, timely recommendations, and take action from any device; and integration and analytics solutions, as well as Agentforce Command Center, an observability solution to manage, track, and scale AI agent activity. It also provides marketing platform; commerce services, which empowers shopping experience across various customer touchpoint; and field service solution that enables companies to connect service agents, dispatchers, and mobile employees through one centralized platform to schedule and dispatch work, as well as track and manage jobs. Salesforce, Inc. was incorporated in 1999 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
CRS;Carpenter Technology Corporation engages in the manufacture, fabrication, and distribution of specialty metals in the United States, Europe, the Asia Pacific, Mexico, Canada, and internationally. It operates in two segments, Specialty Alloys Operations and Performance Engineered Products. The company offers specialty alloys, including titanium alloys, powder metals, stainless steels, alloy steels, and tool steels, as well as metal powders and parts. It serves the aerospace, defense, medical, transportation, energy, industrial, and consumer markets. The company was founded in 1889 and is headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.;tech
CRT;Cross Timbers Royalty Trust operates as an express trust in the United States. It holds 90% net profits interests in certain producing and nonproducing royalty and overriding royalty interest properties in Texas, Oklahoma, and New Mexico; and 75% net profits working interest in four properties in Texas and three properties in Oklahoma. The company was founded in 1991 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
CSAN;Cosan S.A. engages in the fuel distribution business. It operates through Raízen, Compass, Moove, Rumo, and Radar segments. The company's Raízen segment engages in the production, commercialization, origination, and trading of sugar, as well as ethanol under the Shell brand; production and commercialization of bioenergy; trading and resale of electricity; and distribution and commercialization of fuels and lubricants. Its Compass segment distributes piped natural gas to industrial, residential, commercial, automotive, and cogeneration customers; and develops infrastructure projects in a regasification terminal, offshore gas pipeline, and thermal generation projects utilizing natural gas, as well as the sale of electricity and natural gas. The company's Moove segment produces and distributes lubricants under the Mobil brand and Comma trademark for industrial, commercial, and passenger/cargo vehicles. Its Rumo segment provides logistics services for storage and port loading of commodities, including grains and sugar; and leases locomotives, wagons, and other railroad equipment, as well as operates containers. The company's Radar segment manages agricultural property. The company operates in Brazil, England, France, Spain, Portugal, Argentina, Bolivia, Uruguay, Paraguay, the United States, Asia, and internationally. Cosan S.A. was founded in 1936 and is headquartered in São Paulo, Brazil.;tech
CSL;Carlisle Companies Incorporated operates as a manufacturer and supplier of building envelope products and solutions in the United States, Europe, North America, and internationally. It operates through two segments, Carlisle Construction Materials (CCM) and Carlisle Weatherproofing Technologies (CWT). The CCM segment offers single-ply roofing solutions, including ethylene propylene diene monomer, thermoplastic polyolefin, polyvinyl chloride membrane, polyiso insulation, and engineered metal roofing and wall panel systems for commercial and residential buildings. Its CWT segment provides waterproofing and moisture protection products; protective roofing underlayment; fully integrated liquid and sheet applied air/vapor barriers; sealants/primers and flashing systems; roof coatings and mastics; spray polyurethane foam and coating systems for a range of thermal protection applications and other premium polyurethane products; block-molded expanded polystyrene insulation; engineered products for HVAC applications; and products for a variety of industrial and surfacing applications. The company sells its products under the Carlisle SynTec, Versico, WeatherBond, Hunter Panels, Resitrix, and Hertalan brands. Carlisle Companies Incorporated was founded in 1917 and is headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona.;tech
CSTM;Constellium SE, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the design, manufacture, and sale of rolled and extruded aluminum products for the aerospace, packaging, automotive, commercial transportation, general industrial, and defense end-markets. The company operates through three segments: Packaging & Automotive Rolled Products, Aerospace & Transportation, and Automotive Structures & Industry. The Packaging & Automotive Rolled Products segment produces and develops rolled aluminum products, including canstock and closure stock for the beverage and food industry, as well as foil stock for the flexible packaging market. This segment also supplies automotive body sheets, heat exchangers, and battery foil products for the automotive market. The Aerospace & Transportation segment provides aluminum products including plate, sheet, and extrusions to aerospace, space, commercial transportation, general industrial, and defense sectors. The Automotive Structures & Industry segment offers structural solutions for the automotive industry including crash management systems, body structures, side impact beams, and battery enclosure components; soft and hard alloy extrusions for automotive, transportation, and general industrial applications; and profiles for rail and general industrial applications. This segment also provides downstream technology and services, which include pre-machining, surface treatment, research and development, and technical support services. It sells its products directly or through distributors in France, Germany, the Czech Republic, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, and the United States, as well as South Korea and China. The company was incorporated in 2010 and is headquartered in Paris, France.;tech
CSV;Carriage Services, Inc. provides funeral and cemetery services, and merchandise in the United States. It operates through two segments, Funeral Home Operations and Cemetery Operations. The Funeral Home Operations segment provides consultation services; funeral home facilities for visitation and memorial services; transportation services; removal and preparation of remains; cremation services; and related funeral merchandise, as well as engages in the sale of caskets and urns. The Cemetery Operations segment sells interment rights for grave sites, lawn crypts, mausoleum spaces, and niches; related cemetery merchandise, including memorial markers, outer burial containers, and monuments; and interments, inurnments, and installation of cemetery merchandise services. Carriage Services, Inc. was founded in 1991 and is based in Houston, Texas.;tech
CSW;CSW Industrials, Inc. provides various industrial products in the United States and internationally. It operates through three segments: Contractor Solutions, Engineered Building Solutions, and Specialized Reliability Solutions. The Contractor Solutions segment offers condensate pads, pans, and pumps; condensate switches and traps; drain management system; drain waste and vent mechanical products; ductless mini-split systems installation support tools and accessories; HVAC electrical protection, installation supplies, and maintenance chemicals; evaporator coils and air handlers; grilles, registers, diffusers and vents; line set covers; load management systems; refrigerant caps; solvents, cements, traps, and thread sealants; surge protection products; and wire pulling head tools. This segment sells its products under the AquaGuard, Aspen, Clean Check, Cover Guard, Desolv, Dust Free, EZ Trap, Falcon Stainless, Fortress, Goliath, G-O-N, Guardian Drain Lock, Hubsett, Kickstart, Leak Freeze, No. 5, Novent, PF WaterWorks, PRO-Fit, PSP Products, RectorSeal, Safe-T-Switch, Shoemaker Manufacturing, Slimduct, SureSeal, TRU-BLU, and TRUaire brands. The Engineered Building Solutions segment offers architectural railings and metals; fire and smoke protection, and fire stopping solutions; and pre-engineered and custom architectural building components under the Balco, BlazeSeal, Greco, IllumiTread, Metacaulk, MetaflexPro, and Smoke Guard brands. The Specialized Reliability Solutions segment provides compounds, lubricants, and sealants; industrial maintenance and repair, anti-seize, contamination control, and desiccant breather filtration products; lubricant management systems; operation solutions; and rail friction modifiers under the AccuTrack, Air Sentry, BioRail, Deacon, Envirolube, Extreme, Gearmate, Jet-Lube, Kopr-Kote, Matrix, NCS-30 ECF, OilSafe, RailArmor, Run-N-Seal ECF, TOR Armor, and Whitmore brands. The company was incorporated in 2014 and is based in Dallas, Texas.;tech
CTEV;Claritev Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides data analytics and technology-enabled cost management, payment, and revenue integrity solutions to the healthcare industry in the United States. The company offers analytics-based services that reduce medical costs, through data-driven algorithms and insights that detect claims over-charges and negotiate or recommend reimbursement; and network-based services that provide contracted discounts with healthcare providers, as well as outsourced network development and management services. It provides payment and revenue integrity services, such as identifying and removing improper and unnecessary charges paid during the claim, as well as services to identify and help restore and preserve underpaid premium dollars. In addition, the company offers data and decision science services including a suite of solutions that apply modern methods of data science to produce descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive analytics that drive optimized benefit plan design, support decision-making, improve clinical outcomes, and reduce the total cost of care; and business-to-business healthcare payments and other services. It serves national and regional insurance companies, Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans, provider-sponsored and independent health plans, TPAs, self-insured health plans, property and casualty insurers, bill review companies, and other companies involved in the claim adjudication process. The company was formerly known as MultiPlan Corporation and changed its name to Claritev Corporation in February 2025. Claritev Corporation was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
CTO;CTO Realty Growth, Inc. is a publicly traded real estate investment trust that owns and operates a portfolio of high-quality, retail-based properties located primarily in higher growth markets in the United States. CTO also externally manages and owns a meaningful interest in Alpine Income Property Trust, Inc. (NYSE: PINE), a publicly traded net lease REIT.;tech
CTOS;Custom Truck One Source, Inc. provides specialty equipment rental and sale services to electric utility transmission and distribution, telecommunications, rail, forestry, waste management, and other infrastructure-related industries in the United States and Canada. It operates through three segments: Equipment Rental Solutions (ERS), Truck and Equipment Sales (TES), and Aftermarket Parts and Services (APS). The ERS segment owns new and used specialty equipment, including truck-mounted aerial lifts, cranes, service trucks, dump trucks, trailers, digger derricks, and other machinery and equipment. Its TES segment offers new equipment for sale to be used for end-markets, which can be modified to meet customers specific needs. The APS segment provides truck and equipment maintenance and repair services; and rents and sells specialized tools, including stringing blocks, insulated hot stick, and rigging equipment, as well as sale of specialized aftermarket parts. The company was formerly known as Nesco Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to Custom Truck One Source, Inc. in April 2021. Custom Truck One Source, Inc. was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri.;tech
CTRA;Coterra Energy Inc., an independent oil and gas company, engages in the exploration, development, and production of oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids in the United States. The company's properties include the Permian Basin with approximately 2,97,000 net acres in west Texas and southeast, New Mexico; Marcellus Shale properties approximately 1,86,000 net acres located in Susquehanna County, Pennsylvania; and Anadarko Basin with approximately 1,81,000 net acres located in mid-continent region in Oklahoma. It also operates natural gas and saltwater gathering, and disposal systems in Texas. The company sells its natural gas to industrial customers, local distribution companies, oil and gas marketers, energy companies, pipeline companies, and power generation facilities. The company was incorporated in 1989 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
CTRE;CareTrust REIT is a self-administered, publicly-traded real estate investment trust engaged in the ownership, acquisition, development and leasing of seniors housing and healthcare-related properties. CareTrust REIT generates revenues primarily by leasing properties to a diverse group of local, regional and national seniors housing operators, healthcare services providers, and other healthcare-related businesses. Since its debut as a standalone public company on June 1, 2014, and as of June 30, 2025, CareTrust REIT has expanded its tenant roster to 39 operators, and has grown its real estate portfolio to 393 net-leased healthcare properties across 32 states and the United Kingdom, consisting of 35,719 operating beds/units. As of June 30, 2025, CareTrust REIT also had 22 other real estate related investments related to 142 healthcare properties across 17 states, consisting of 13,944 operating beds/units and one financing receivable related to 46 properties in one state consisting of 3,820 operating beds/ units.;tech
CTRI;Centuri Holdings, Inc. operates as a utility infrastructure services company in North America. The company operates through four segments: U.S. Gas Utility Services; Canadian Gas Utility Services; Union Electric Utility Services; and Non-Union Electric Utility Services. It offers gas utility services, including maintenance, replacement, repair, and installation for local natural gas distribution utilities focused on the modernization of customers' infrastructure. The company also provides electric utility services encompassing maintenance, replacement, repair, upgrade, and expansion services for urban transmission and local distribution infrastructure. Its customers include electric, gas, and combination utility providers, as well as serves end markets, such as renewable energy, data centers, and 5G datacom. The company was founded in 1909 and is headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona. Centuri Holdings, Inc. is a subsidiary of Southwest Gas Holdings, Inc.;tech
CTVA;Corteva, Inc. operates in the agriculture business. It operates through two segments, Seed and Crop Protection. The Seed segment develops and supplies advanced germplasm and traits that produce optimum yield for farms. It offers trait technologies that enhance resistance to weather, disease, insects, and herbicides used to control weeds, as well as food and nutritional characteristics. This segment also provides digital solutions that assist farmer decision-making with a view to optimize product selection, and maximize yield and profitability. The Crop Protection segment offers products that protect against weeds, insects and other pests, and diseases, as well as enhances crop health above and below ground through nitrogen management and seed-applied technologies. This segment provides herbicides, insecticides, nitrogen stabilizers, and pasture and range management herbicides. It serves agricultural input industry. The company operates in the United States, Canada, Latin America, the Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. Corteva, Inc. was incorporated in 2018 and is headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana.;tech
CUBE;CubeSmart is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust. As of June 30, 2025, CubeSmart owned or managed 1,532 self-storage properties across the United States. According to the 2025 Self Storage Almanac, CubeSmart is one of the top three owners and operators of self-storage properties in the U.S. The Company's mission is to simplify the organizational and logistical challenges created by the many life events and business needs of its customers through innovative solutions, unparalleled service, and genuine care. The Company's self-storage properties are designed to offer affordable, easily accessible, and, in most locations, climate-controlled storage space for residential and commercial customers.;tech
CUBI;Customers Bancorp, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for Customers Bank that provides banking products and services. The company provides deposit banking products, which includes commercial and consumer checking, non-interest-bearing and interest-bearing demand, MMDA, savings, and time deposit accounts, as well as individual retirement accounts and non-retail time deposits consisting of jumbo certificates. Its lending business offers commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, and multifamily and residential mortgage loans; SBA lending; mortgage financing; specialty lending includes fund finance, real estate specialty finance, technology and venture, and healthcare and financial institutions group; commercial loans to mortgage companies, and commercial equipment financing; fund finance, such as variable rate loans secured by collateral pools to private debt funds; and cash management services. In addition, the company provides digital banking, such as Banking-as-a-Service to fintech companies; payments and treasury services to businesses; consumer loans through fintech companies; and the TassatPay, an instant blockchain-based digital payments platform which offers instant payments, including over-the-counter desks, exchanges, liquidity providers, market makers, funds, and other B2B verticals. Further, it offers mobile phone and internet banking, wire transfers, electronic bill payment, lock box, remote deposit capture, courier, merchant processing, cash vault, controlled disbursements, positive pay, and cash management services comprising account reconciliation, collections, and sweep accounts. The company was founded in 1997 and is headquartered in West Reading, Pennsylvania.;tech
CUK;Carnival Corporation & plc, a cruise company, provides leisure travel services in North America, Australia, Europe, and internationally. The company operates through four segments: NAA Cruise Operations, Europe Cruise Operations, Cruise Support, and Tour and Other. It operates port destinations and islands, as well as owns and operates hotels, lodges, glass-domed railcars, and motorcoaches. The company offers its services under the AIDA Cruises, Carnival Cruise Line, Costa Cruises, Cunard, Holland America Line, P&O Cruises (Australia), P&O Cruises (UK), Princess Cruises, and Seabourn brands. It sells its cruises through travel agents, tour operators, vacation planners, websites, and onboard future cruise consultants. Carnival Corporation & plc was founded in 1972 and is headquartered in Miami, Florida.;tech
CULP;Culp, Inc. manufactures, sources, and sells fabrics and mattress covers, sewn covers, and cut and sewn kits for use in mattresses, foundations, and other bedding products in the United States, North America, the Far East, Asia, and internationally. The company operates through two segments, Mattress Fabrics and Upholstery Fabrics. The Mattress Fabrics segment offers woven jacquard, knitted, sewn mattress covers and converted fabrics for use in the production of bedding products, including mattresses, box springs, foundations, and top of bed components. The Upholstery Fabrics segment provides jacquard woven fabrics, velvets, woven dobbies, microdenier suedes and polyurethane fabrics for use in the production of residential and commercial upholstered furniture, including sofas, recliners, chairs, loveseats, sectionals, sofa-beds, and seating for offices, healthcare facilities; hospitality industry, including seating for restaurants, hotels, and theaters and window treatment products; and installation services for customers in the hospitality and commercial industries. Culp, Inc. was founded in 1972 and is headquartered in High Point, North Carolina.;tech
CURB;Curbline Properties Corp. engages in the business of owning, managing, leasing, and acquiring a portfolio of convenience shopping centers in the United States. The company's properties are generally positioned on the curbline of well-trafficked intersections and major vehicular corridors that include restaurants, healthcare and wellness, financial services, beverage retail, telecommunications, beauty and hair salons, and fitness, as well as others as tenants. It plans to elect to be treated as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Curbline Properties Corp. was incorporated in 2023 and is based in New York, New York.;tech
CURV;Torrid Holdings Inc. provides apparel, intimates, and accessories for curvy women in North America. The company designs, develops, and merchandises its products under the Torrid, Torrid Curve, CURV, and Lovesick brand names. It is also involved in the sale of tops, denim, bottoms, dresses, intimates, activewear, sleep wear, swim wear, and outerwear products; and accessories, footwear, and beauty products. The company sells its products directly to consumers through its e-commerce platform and its physical stores. Torrid Holdings Inc. was incorporated in 2019 and is headquartered in City Of Industry, California.;tech
CUZ;Cousins Properties is a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company, based in Atlanta, GA and acting through its operating partnership, Cousins Properties LP, primarily invests in Class A office buildings located in high-growth Sun Belt markets. Founded in 1958, Cousins creates shareholder value through its extensive expertise in the development, acquisition, leasing and management of high-quality real estate assets. The Company has a comprehensive strategy in place based on a simple platform, trophy assets and opportunistic investments.;tech
CVE;Cenovus Energy Inc., together with its subsidiaries, develops, produces, refines, transports, and markets crude oil, natural gas, and refined petroleum products in Canada, the United States, and China. It operates through Oil Sands, Conventional, Offshore, Canadian Refining, and U.S. Refining segments. The company develops and produces bitumen and heavy oil in northern Alberta and Saskatchewan. Its oil sand assets include Foster Creek, Christina Lake, and Sunrise projects, as well as Lloydminster thermal and conventional heavy oil assets. It also holds natural gas liquids and natural gas assets located in Alberta, British Columbia, and Northern Corridor, as well as interests in various natural gas processing facilities. In addition, the company is involved in offshore operation, exploration, and development activities; owns and operates Lloydminster upgrading and asphalt refining complex, which converts heavy oil and bitumen into synthetic crude oil, diesel, asphalt, and other ancillary products, as well as Bruderheim crude-by-rail terminal and ethanol plants; and refines crude oil to produce gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, asphalt, and other products. Cenovus Energy Inc. was founded in 2009 and is headquartered in Calgary, Canada.;tech
CVEO;Civeo Corporation engages in hospitality services to the natural resource industry in Canada, Australia, and internationally. The company develops lodges and villages; and mobile assets, including modular, skid-mounted accommodation, and central facilities that provide short to medium-term accommodation needs. It also offers food, housekeeping, and maintenance services, as well as laundry, facility management and maintenance, water and wastewater treatment, power generation, communication system, security, logistics, and camp management services. In addition, the company provides development activities for workforce accommodation facilities, including site selection, permitting, engineering and design, and manufacturing and site construction services, as well as lodging and catering services. It serves oil, mining, engineering, and oilfield and mining service companies. Civeo Corporation was founded in 1977 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
CVI;CVR Energy, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in renewable fuels and petroleum refining and marketing, and nitrogen fertilizer manufacturing activities in the United States. It operates in three segments: Petroleum, Renewables, and Nitrogen Fertilizer. The Petroleum segment refines and markets transportation fuels, such as gasoline, diesel, jet fuel, and distillates; and includes crude gathering and logistics that support the refinery operations. This segment also owns and operates a coking medium-sour crude oil refinery in Kansas; and a crude oil refinery in Oklahoma. This segment serves retailers, railroads, farm cooperatives, and other refiners/marketers. The Renewables segment refines renewable feedstocks, including soybean oil, corn oil, and other renewable feedstocks into renewable diesel; and marketing of renewables products. The Nitrogen Fertilizer segment owns and operates a nitrogen fertilizer plant in Coffeyville, Kansas that utilizes a pet coke gasification process to produce nitrogen fertilizer products; and a nitrogen fertilizer facility in East Dubuque, Illinois that produces nitrogen fertilizers in the form of ammonia and urea ammonium nitrate (UAN) and nitric acid. This segment primarily markets UAN products to agricultural customers; and ammonia products to agricultural and industrial customers. The company was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in Sugar Land, Texas. CVR Energy, Inc. is a subsidiary of Icahn Enterprises Holdings L.P.;tech
CVLG;Covenant Logistics Group, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides transportation and logistics services in the United States. It operates through four segments: Expedited, Dedicated, Managed Freight, and Warehousing. The Expedited segment primarily provides truckload services with high service freight and delivery standards, such as 1,000 miles in 22 hours or 15-minute delivery windows. The Dedicated segment provides customers with committed truckload capacity over contracted periods with the goal of three to five years in length using equipment either owned or leased by the company. The Managed Freight segment offers brokerage services, including logistics capacity by outsourcing the carriage of customers' freight to third parties; and transport management services, such as logistics services on a contractual basis to customers who prefer to outsource their logistics needs. The Warehousing segment provides day-to-day warehouse management services to customers, as well as shuttle and switching services related to shuttling containers and trailers. The company also engages in used equipment sales and leasing business. It serves transportation companies, such as parcel freight forwarders, less-than-truckload carriers, and third-party logistics providers; and traditional truckload customers, including manufacturers, retailers, and food and beverage shippers. The company was formerly known as Covenant Transportation Group, Inc. and changed its name to Covenant Logistics Group, Inc. in July 2020. Covenant Logistics Group, Inc. was founded in 1986 and is based in Chattanooga, Tennessee.;tech
CVNA;Carvana Co., together with its subsidiaries, operates an e-commerce platform for buying and selling used cars in the United States. The company offers vehicle acquisition, inspection and reconditioning, online search and shopping experience, financing, complementary products, logistics network and distinctive fulfillment experience, and post-sale customer support services. It also operates auction sites. Carvana Co. was founded in 2012 and is based in Tempe, Arizona.;tech
CVS;CVS Health Corporation provides health solutions in the United States. It operates through Health Care Benefits, Health Services, and Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness segments. The Health Care Benefits segment offers traditional, voluntary, and consumer-directed health insurance products and related services, including medical, pharmacy, dental and behavioral health plans, medical management capabilities, Medicare Advantage and Medicare Supplement plans, PDPs and Medicaid health care management services. It serves employer groups, individuals, college students, part-time and hourly workers, health plans, health care providers, governmental units, government-sponsored plans, labor groups, and expatriates. The Health Services segment offers pharmacy benefit management solutions, including plan design and administration, formulary management, retail pharmacy network management, specialty and mail order pharmacy, clinical, disease management, medical spend management services, and other administrative services. It serves employers, insurance companies, unions, government employee groups, health plans, prescription drug plans, Medicaid managed care plans, CMS, plans offered on public health insurance, and other sponsors of health benefit plans. The Pharmacy & Consumer Wellness segment sells prescription and over-the-counter drugs, consumer health and beauty products, and personal care products. This segment also distributes prescription drugs; and provides related pharmacy consulting and other ancillary services to care facilities and other care settings. It operates online retail pharmacy websites, LTC pharmacies and on-site pharmacies, retail specialty pharmacy stores, compounding pharmacies and branches for infusion and enteral nutrition services. The company was formerly known as CVS Caremark Corporation and changed its name to CVS Health Corporation in September 2014. CVS Health Corporation was incorporated in 1996 and is headquartered in Woonsocket, Rhode Island.;tech
CVX;Chevron Corporation, through its subsidiaries, engages in the integrated energy and chemicals operations in the United States and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Upstream and Downstream. The Upstream segment engages in the exploration, development, production, and transportation of crude oil and natural gas; liquefaction, transportation, and regasification of liquefied natural gas; transporting crude oil through pipelines; processing, transporting, storage, and marketing of natural gas; and carbon capture and storage, as well as a gas-to-liquids plant. The Downstream segment refines crude oil into petroleum products; markets crude oil, refined products, and lubricants; manufactures and markets renewable fuels; transports crude oil and refined products through pipeline, marine vessel, motor equipment, and rail car; and manufactures and markets commodity petrochemicals, plastics for industrial uses, and fuel and lubricant additives. The company was formerly known as ChevronTexaco Corporation and changed its name to Chevron Corporation in 2005. Chevron Corporation was founded in 1879 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
CW;Curtiss-Wright Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides engineered products, solutions, and services mainly to aerospace and defense, commercial power, process, and industrial markets worldwide. It operates through three segments: Aerospace & Industrial, Defense Electronics, and Naval & Power. The Aerospace & Industrial segment offers industrial and specialty vehicle products, such as power management electronics, traction inverters, transmission shifters, and control systems; sensors, controls, and electro-mechanical actuation components used on commercial and military aircraft; and surface technology services including shot peening, laser peening, and engineered coatings. The Defense Electronics segment provides commercial off-the-shelf embedded computing board-level modules and processing equipment, data acquisition and flight test instrumentation equipment, integrated subsystems, instrumentation and control systems, tactical communications solutions; and electronic stabilization products, and weapons handling systems; avionics and electronics; flight test equipment; and aircraft data management solutions. The Naval & Power segment offers main coolant pumps, power-dense compact motors, generators, steam turbines, valves, and secondary propulsion systems; energy absorbers, retractable hook cable systems, net-stanchion systems and mobile systems to support fixed land-based arresting systems; hardware, valves, fastening systems, specialized containment doors, airlock hatches, and spent fuel management products; reactor coolant pumps and control rod drive mechanisms for commercial nuclear power plants, as well as various nuclear reactor technologies. This segment furnishes severe-service valve technologies and services, heat exchanger repair, and piping test and isolation products, and offers ship repair and maintenance for the U.S. navy. Curtiss-Wright Corporation was incorporated in 1929 and is headquartered in Davidson, North Carolina.;tech
CWAN;Clearwater Analytics Holdings, Inc. develops and provides a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) solution for automated investment data aggregation, reconciliation, accounting, and reporting services to insurers, investment managers, corporations, institutional investors, and government entities in the United States and internationally. It offers investment accounting and reporting, performance measurement, compliance monitoring, and risk analytics solutions. The company's Clearwater Prism SaaS-based data and reporting platform for investment data delivers a range of product modules, including Prism reporting and statements, Prism connectors, Prism data ops, and Prism managed services. It also provides Clearwater LPx, a full-service solution for private funds that delivers complete, timely, accurate, and consumable data for limited partnerships; and Clearwater MLx, a comprehensive mortgage loan investment solution that provides investors to drive growth and make informed decisions, oversight, and reporting capabilities for mortgage loan investments, as well as enhances risk reporting, servicer tracking, oversight, and accounting capabilities. In addition, the company offers Clearwater JUMP that provides a modular front, middle and back office solution to investment managers, private banks, and insurer, as well as portfolio management and order management, unit-linked funds, tri-partite templates, and full trade life cycle solutions. Further, it develops a cloud based integrated data and financial analytics platform for developers, quants, data scientists, and business users. The company was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Boise, Idaho.;tech
CWEN;Clearway Energy, Inc. operates in the clean energy generation assets business in the United States. The company operates through Flexible Generation and Renewables segments. Its portfolio comprises approximately 11.8 GW of gross capacity in 26 states, including approximately 9 GW of wind, solar, and battery energy storage systems, (BESS); and approximately 2.8 GW of dispatchable combustion-based power generation assets included in the Flexible Generation segment that provide critical grid reliability services. The company was formerly known as NRG Yield, Inc. and changed its name to Clearway Energy, Inc. in August 2018. Clearway Energy, Inc. was incorporated in 2012 and is based in Princeton, New Jersey. Clearway Energy, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Clearway Energy Group LLC.;tech
CWH;Camping World Holdings, Inc., together its subsidiaries, retails recreational vehicles (RVs), and related products and services in the United States. It operates through two segments, Good Sam Services and Plans; and RV and Outdoor Retail. The company provides a portfolio of services, protection plans, products, and resources in the RV industry. It also offers extended vehicle service contracts; vehicle roadside assistance plans; property and casualty insurance; travel protection, travel planning, and directories; and publications, as well as operates the Coast to Coast Resorts and Good Sam Campgrounds. In addition, the company provides new and used RVs; vehicle financing; RV repair and maintenance services; protection plans and services; various RV parts, equipment, supplies, and accessories, which include towing and hitching products, satellite and GPS systems, electrical and lighting products, appliances and furniture, and other products; and collision repair services comprising fiberglass front and rear cap replacement, windshield replacement, interior remodel solutions, and paint and body work. Further, it offers co-branded credit cards; operates Good Sam Club, a membership organization that offers savings on a range of products and services; and facilitates an RV rental platform that connects travelers with RV owners. The company serves customers through dealerships and service centers, and online and e-commerce platforms. Camping World Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1966 and is headquartered in Lincolnshire, Illinois.;tech
CWK;Cushman & Wakefield plc, together with its subsidiaries, provides commercial real estate services under the Cushman & Wakefield brand in the Americas, Europe, Middle East, Africa, and Asia Pacific. It offers integrated facilities management, project and development, portfolio administration, transaction management, and strategic consulting services; property management services, including client accounting, engineering and operations, lease compliance administration, project and development, tenant experience, residential property management, and sustainability services; self-performed facilities services, which include janitorial, maintenance, critical environment management, landscaping, and office services; and workplace and portfolio consulting services. The company also provides owner representation and tenant representation leasing services; capital market services, including investment sales and equity, and debt and structured financing for real estate purchase and sales transactions; and appraisal management, investment management, valuation advisory, portfolio advisory, diligence advisory, dispute analysis and litigation support, financial reporting, and property and/or portfolio valuation services on real estate debt and equity decisions. It serves real estate owners and occupiers, such as tenants, investors, and multinational companies. The company was founded in 1784 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
CWT;California Water Service Group, through its subsidiaries, provides water utility and other related services in California, Washington, New Mexico, Hawaii, and Texas. The company is involved in the production, purchase, storage, treatment, testing, distribution, and sale of water for domestic, industrial, public, and irrigation uses, as well as for fire protection services. It offers its services to approximately 499,400 customer connections in 100 California communities; approximately 6,700 water and wastewater customer connections on the islands of Kauai, Maui, Oahu, and Hawaii; approximately 38,300 customer connections in the Tacoma, Olympia, Graham, Spanaway, Puyallup, Rainier, Yelm, and Gig Harbor areas; and approximately 11,500 water and wastewater customer connections in Rio Communities, Rio Del Oro, Meadow Lake, Indian Hills, Squaw Valley, Elephant Butte, Morningstar, Sandia Knolls, Juan Tomas, Monterey, and Cypress Gardens systems. The company also engages in the provision of non-regulated water-related services, including operating of municipally owned water systems, privately owned water, and recycled water distribution systems; water system operation, meter reading, and billing services to private companies and municipalities; leasing of communication antenna sites on its properties; and billing of optional third-party insurance programs to its residential customers. In addition, it provides wastewater collection and treatment services. California Water Service Group was founded in 1926 and is headquartered in San Jose, California.;tech
CX;CEMEX, S.A.B. de C.V., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the production, marketing, distribution, and sale of cement, ready-mix concrete, aggregates, urbanization solutions, and other construction materials and services worldwide. The company offers gray ordinary portland, white portland, oil-well, and blended cement products; masonry or mortar products; standard ready-mix, architectural and decorative, rapid-setting, fiber-reinforced, fluid-fill, roller-compacted, self-consolidating, pervious, and antibacterial, and other concrete products; aggregate products, including crushed stone and manufactured sand, gravel, sand, and recycled concrete; and vertua products. It also provides including logistics and transportation, retail, pavement services, design and engineering, and other services; municipal and industrial waste management solutions; industrial construction products, such as precast components, 2D panels, 3D modules, and complete structures; and recycling and reusing construction, demolition, and excavation waste; and alternative raw material solutions. CEMEX, S.A.B. de C.V. was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in San Pedro Garza García, Mexico.;tech
CXE;MFS High Income Municipal Trust is a close ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Massachusetts Financial Services Company. The fund invests in the fixed income markets. It primarily invests in municipal bonds and local general obligations of various sectors, such as multifamily, hospitals, care retirement, and investor-owned utilities. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against Barclays Municipal Bond Index. It was formerly known as Colonial High Income Municipal Trust. MFS High Income Municipal Trust was formed on February 17, 1989 and is domiciled in United States.;tech
CXH;MFS Investment Grade Municipal is a close ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Massachusetts Financial Services Company. The fund invests in fixed income markets of the United States. It primarily invests in tax-exempt bonds and tax-exempt notes. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against Barclays Municipal Bond Index. MFS Investment Grade Municipal Trust was founded in May 16, 1989 and is domiciled in United States.;tech
CXM;Sprinklr, Inc. provides enterprise cloud software products worldwide. The company operates Unified Customer Experience Management platform, a software that enables customer-facing teams to collaborate across internal silos, communicate across digital channels, and leverages AI to deliver customer experiences. Its products include Sprinklr Service, a suite of artificial intelligence (AI) based products and solutions that unifies customer service across voice, digital, and social channels; Sprinklr Social, a suite of AI-powered products and solutions that unifies social media publishing, engagement, and analytics across various channels; Sprinklr Insights, a suite of AI-based products and solutions that delivers consumer intelligence and helps to manage customer feedback; and Sprinklr Marketing, a suite of AI-based products and solutions that unifies content production and content lifecycle management with paid campaigns across various channels. The company also provides professional, implementation, managed, training, and consultancy services. Sprinklr, Inc. was founded in 2009 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
CXT;Crane NXT, Co. operates as an industrial technology company that provides technology solutions to secure, detect, and authenticate customers' important assets. The company operates through Crane Payment Innovations, and Security and Authentication Technologies segments. The Crane Payment Innovations segment offers electronic equipment and associated software, as well as advanced automation solutions, processing systems, field service solutions, remote diagnostics, and productivity software solutions. The Security and Authentication Technologies segment provides advanced security solutions based on proprietary technology for securing physical products, including banknotes, consumer goods, and industrial products. This segment also offers brand protection, authentication solutions, and digital content protection across online marketplaces, social media platforms, and websites; and serves various brands, as well as government agencies and financial institutions. Crane NXT, Co. was incorporated in 2021 and is based in Waltham, Massachusetts.;tech
CXW;CoreCivic, Inc. owns and operates partnership correctional, detention, and residential reentry facilities in the United States. It operates through three segments: CoreCivic Safety, CoreCivic Community, and CoreCivic Properties. The company provides a range of solutions to government partners that serve the public good through corrections and detention management, a network of residential reentry centers to help address recidivism crisis, and government real estate solutions. Its correctional, detention, and residential reentry facilities offer rehabilitation and educational programs, including basic education, faith-based services, life skills and employment training, and substance abuse treatment; food services; and work and recreational programs as well as health care services, including medical, dental, and mental health services. CoreCivic, Inc. was founded in 1983 and is based in Brentwood, Tennessee.;tech
CYD;China Yuchai International Limited manufactures, assembles, and sells diesel and natural gas engines for trucks, buses, pickups, construction and agricultural equipment, and marine and power generation applications. It operates through two segments, Yuchai and HLGE. The Yuchai segment manufactures on- and off-road powertrain solutions and applications. The HLGE is engaged in hospitality and property development activities. The company provides diesel engines comprising 4- and 6-cylinder diesel engines, high horsepower marine diesel engines, and power generator engines; natural gas engines, hydrogen combustion engines, methanol combustion engines, diesel power generators, diesel engine parts, and remanufacturing services; as well as plug in hybrid engines, range extenders, power generation powertrains, hybrid powertrains, integrated electric drive axle powertrain, and fuel cell systems. It also offers repair, maintenance, and retrofitting services. It distributes its engines directly to auto original equipment manufacturers, agents, and retailers in the People's Republic of China and internationally. The company was founded in 1951 and is based in Singapore.;tech
CYH;Community Health Systems, Inc. owns, leases, and operates general acute care hospitals in the United States. The company offers general acute care, emergency room, general and specialty surgery, critical care, internal medicine, obstetrics, diagnostic, psychiatric, and rehabilitation services, as well as skilled nursing and home care services. It also provides outpatient services at primary care practices, urgent care centers, free-standing emergency departments, ambulatory surgery centers, imaging and diagnostic centers, and direct-to-consumer virtual health visits. The company was founded in 1985 and is headquartered in Franklin, Tennessee.;tech
DAC;Danaos Corporation, through its subsidiaries, owns and operates containerships and drybulk vessels in Australia, Europe, and the United States. It operates in two segments, Container Vessels and Drybulk Vessels. The company provides seaborne transportation services by operating vessels in the containership and drybulk sectors of the shipping industry. As of February 28, 2025, it had a fleet of 74 containerships aggregating 471,477 TEUs, 15 under construction containerships aggregating 128,220 TEUs, and 10 Capesize bulk carriers aggregating 1,760,861 DWT. The company was formerly known as Danaos Holdings Limited and changed its name to Danaos Corporation in October 2005. Danaos Corporation was founded in 1963 and is based in Piraeus, Greece.;tech
DAL;Delta Air Lines, Inc. provides scheduled air transportation for passengers and cargo in the United States and internationally. The company operates through two segments, Airline and Refinery. Its domestic network centered on core hubs in Atlanta, Detroit, Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Salt Lake City, as well as coastal hub positions in Boston, Los Angeles, New York-LaGuardia, New York-JFK, and Seattle; and international network centered on hubs and market presence in Amsterdam, Bogota, Lima, Mexico City, London-Heathrow, Paris-Charles de Gaulle, Santiago (Chile), Sao Paulo, Seoul-Incheon, and Tokyo. The company sells its tickets through various distribution channels, including delta.com and the Fly Delta app; and acts as a reservations specialists. It also provides aircraft maintenance and engineering support, repair, and overhaul services; and vacation packages to third-party consumers. The company operates through a fleet of approximately 1,292 aircraft. Delta Air Lines, Inc. was founded in 1924 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
DAN;Dana Incorporated, together with its subsidiaries, provides power-conveyance and energy-management solutions for vehicles and machinery in North America, Europe, South America, and the Asia Pacific. The company operates through four segments: Light Vehicle Drive Systems, Commercial Vehicle Drive and Motion Systems, Off-Highway Drive and Motion Systems, and Power Technologies. It offers drive systems, including axles, driveshafts, transmission, and wheel and track drives; motion systems, such as winches, slew drives, and hub drives; and electrodynamic technologies comprising motors, inverters, software and control systems, battery-management systems, and fuel cell plates. The company also provides sealing solutions, such as gaskets, seals, cam covers, and oil pan modules; thermal-management technologies, including transmission and engine oil cooling, battery and electronics cooling, charge air cooling, and thermal-acoustical protective shielding; and digital solutions that include active and passive system controls, as well as descriptive and predictive analytics. It serves vehicle manufacturers in the global light vehicle, medium/heavy vehicle, and off-highway markets, as well as the stationary industrial market. The company was formerly known as Dana Holding Corporation and changed its name to Dana Incorporated in August 2016. Dana Incorporated was founded in 1904 and is headquartered in Maumee, Ohio.;tech
DAO;Youdao, Inc., an internet technology company, provides online services in the fields of content, community, communication, and commerce in China. It operates through three segments: Learning Services, Smart Devices, and Online Marketing Services. The learning services mainly include tutoring services and fee-based premium services. The company provides various learning content, applications, and solutions, which cover topics and target people from various age groups for their learning needs through its websites and mobile applications. It also offers online knowledge tools, which include Youdao and other dictionaries and translation tools, as well as AI-based learning tools; STEAM courses through Youdao Premium Courses; adult courses through NetEase Cloud Classroom, such as foreign language, preparing for an exam, and picking up a new skill; and other courses consisting of China University MOOC courses. In addition, the company provides smart devices comprising Youdao Dictionary Pen, and Youdao Listening Pod, and Youdao Smart Learning Pad; education digitalization solutions, such as technologies and solutions licensed to schools or enterprise customers, including Youdao Smart Learning Terminal, Youdao Sports, and Youdao Smart Cloud; and online marketing services consisting of performance-based and brand advertising services. Further, it offers technical support to the variable interest entities (VIEs). The company was founded in 2006 and is headquartered in Hangzhou, China. Youdao, Inc. is a subsidiary of NetEase, Inc.;tech
DAR;Darling Ingredients Inc. develops, produces, and sells natural ingredients from edible and inedible bio-nutrients in North America, Europe, China, South America, and internationally. The company operates through three segments: Feed Ingredients, Food Ingredients, and Fuel Ingredients. It offers ingredients and customized specialty solutions for customers in the pharmaceutical, food, pet food, feed, industrial, fuel, bioenergy, and fertilizer industries. The company also collects and transforms various animal by-product streams into useable and specialty ingredients, such as collagen, edible fats, feed-grade fats, animal proteins and meals, plasma, pet food ingredients, organic fertilizers, yellow grease, fuel feedstock, green energy, natural casings, and hides. In addition, it recovers and converts used cooking oil and animal fats, and residual bakery products into valuable feed ingredients. Further, the company provides environmental services, including grease trap collection and disposal services to food service establishments. It primarily operates under the Rendac, Sonac, FASA, Ecoson, Rousselot, Gelnex, and CTH brands. The company was formerly known as Darling International Inc. and changed its name to Darling Ingredients Inc. in May 2014. Darling Ingredients Inc. was founded in 1882 and is headquartered in Irving, Texas.;tech
DAVA;Endava plc, together with its subsidiaries, provides technology services in North America, Europe, the United Kingdom, and internationally. The company offers digital product acceleration services comprising product strategy, experience design, growth marketing, and analytics; advisory and digital strategy services consisting of technology strategy, enterprise architecture, and data strategy; and delivery services, including agile transformation, distributed agile delivery, accelerated DevOps delivery, and delivery management. It also provides digital engineering services, such as architecture, cloud application engineering, platform engineering, software security, and test engineering, as well as virtual, augmented, and extended reality; data and AI services, including artificial intelligence, and data engineering and platforms; and modern managed services comprising modern application management, managed cloud, service delivery, smart desk, and managed security. The company serves the healthcare and life sciences, government, insurance, retail and consumer goods, automotive, energy and resources, finance and banking, government, media and entertainment, payment, private equity, supply chain and logistics, technology, telecommunication, and travel industries. Endava plc was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
DAY;Dayforce Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a human capital management (HCM) software company in the United States, Canada, Australia, and internationally. The company offers Dayforce, a cloud HCM platform that provides human resources, payroll and tax, workforce management, wallet, benefits, and talent intelligence functionalities; and Powerpay, a cloud HR and payroll solution for the small business market. It also provides payroll and payroll-related services; and professional services for its solutions, which include training and implementation consulting services. In addition, the company is involved in the shipment, rental, maintenance, and sale of payroll time clocks. It sells its solutions through direct sales force and third-party channels. The company was formerly known as Ceridian HCM Holding Inc. and changed its name to Dayforce Inc. in February 2024. Dayforce Inc. was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota.;tech
DB;Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, a stock corporation, provides corporate and investment banking, private clients, and asset management products and services in Germany, the United Kingdom, rest of Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Americas, and the Asia-Pacific. It operates through Corporate Bank, Investment Bank, Private Bank, and Asset Management segments. The Corporate Bank segment offers risk management solutions, cash management, trade finance and lending, trust and agency, and securities services. The Investment Bank segment provides debt origination, merger and acquisitions, foreign exchange, and equity advisory and origination platform services. The Private Bank segment offers payment and account services, and credit and deposit products, as well as investment advice products, such as environmental, social, and governance products. This segment also provides banking, wealth management, other financial, and postal and parcel services; and supports in planning, managing and investing wealth, financing personal and business interests, and servicing institutional and corporate needs. The Asset Management segment offers investment solutions, such as alternative investments, which include real estate, infrastructure, liquid real assets, and sustainable investments; and various other services, including insurance and pension solutions, asset liability management, portfolio management solutions, and asset allocation advisory to individuals and institutions. Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft was founded in 1870 and is headquartered in Frankfurt am Main, Germany.;tech
DBD;Diebold Nixdorf, Incorporated engages in the automating, digitizing, and transforming the way people bank and shop worldwide. It operates through two segments, Banking and Retail. The company offers cash recyclers and dispensers, intelligent deposit terminals, teller automation tools, and kiosk technologies, as well as physical security solutions; and front-end applications for consumer connection points and back-end platforms that manage channel transactions, operations and integration, and facilitate omnichannel transactions, endpoint monitoring, remote asset management, customer marketing, merchandise management, and analytics services. It also provides banking product-related services comprising proactive monitoring and rapid resolution of incidents through remote service capabilities or an on-site visit; first- and second-line maintenance, preventive maintenance, and on-demand services; managed and outsourcing services, such as business processes, solution management, upgrades, and transaction processing; and cash management services. The company offers DN Vynamic software suite to simplify and enhance the consumer experience; modular and integrated point of sale and self-checkout terminals; printers, scales, and mobile scanners; and banknote and coin processing systems, as well as ordering kiosks. It provides retail customer's product-related services, such as on-demand and professional services; maintenance and availability services; implementation services; managed mobility services; monitoring and advanced analytics; and store life-cycle management services. The company was formerly known as Diebold, Incorporated and changed its name to Diebold Nixdorf, Incorporated in December 2016. Diebold Nixdorf, Incorporated was founded in 1859 and is headquartered in North Canton, Ohio.;tech
DBI;Designer Brands Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the design, production, and retailing of footwear and accessories in the United States and Canada. It operates through three segments: U.S. Retail, Canada Retail, and Brand Portfolio. The company offers dress, casual, and athletic footwear and accessories, as well as handbags for women, men, and kids. It sells its products under the Vince Camuto, Keds, Topo, as well as Jessica Simpson, Lucky Brand, Le Tigre, and Hush Puppies brands. The company offers its products through its direct-to-consumer stores and e-commerce sites; and a portfolio of banners, including DSW Designer Shoe Warehouse, The Shoe Co, and Rubino; and mobiles applications. The company was founded in 1991 and is based in Columbus, Ohio.;tech
DBL;DoubleLine Opportunistic Credit Fund is a close-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by DoubleLine Capital LP. The fund invests in the fixed income markets. It invests in debt securities including residential and commercial mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, U.S Government securities, corporate debt, international sovereign debt, and short-term investments.The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Capital U.S. Aggregate Bond Index. DoubleLine Opportunistic Credit Fund was formed on July 22, 2011 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
DBRG;DigitalBridge Group, Inc. is a private equity firm. The firm prefers investing in digital infrastructure (data centers, cell towers, fiber networks, small cells, and edge infrastructure). DigitalBridge Group, Inc. was founded in 2013 and is based in Boca Raton, Florida with additional offices across North America, Asia and Europe.;tech
DCI;Donaldson Company, Inc. manufactures and sells filtration systems and replacement parts worldwide. The company operates through three segments: Mobile Solutions, Industrial Solutions, and Life Sciences. The Mobile Solutions segment provides replacement filters for air and liquid filtration applications, such as air filtration systems, fuel, lube and hydraulic systems, emissions systems and sensors, indicators, and monitoring systems. This segment sells its products to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) in the construction, mining, agriculture, and transportation markets; and to independent distributors, and OEM dealer networks. The Industrial Solutions segment offers dust, fume, and mist collectors; compressed air and industrial gasses purification systems; and hydraulic and lubricated rotating equipment applications, as well as gas and liquid filtration for industrial processes and connected services. This segment sells its products to various distributors, OEMs, and end-users. The Life Sciences segment provides micro-environment gas and liquid filtration for food, beverage, and industrial processes; bioprocessing equipment, that includes bioreactors and fermenters; and bioprocessing consumables, such as chromatography devices, reagents and filters, and polytetrafluoroethylene membrane-based products, as well as specialized air and gas filtration systems for applications, including hard disk drives, semi-conductor manufacturing and sensors, battery systems, and powertrain components to OEMs and various end-users. The company was founded in 1915 and is headquartered in Bloomington, Minnesota.;tech
DCO;Ducommun Incorporated provides engineering and manufacturing services for products and applications used in the aerospace and defense, industrial, medical, and other industries in the United States. It operates through two segments, Electronic Systems and Structural Systems. The Electronic Systems segment provides cable assemblies and interconnect systems; printed circuit board assemblies; electronic, electromechanical, and mechanical components and assemblies, as well as lightning diversion systems; and radar enclosures, aircraft avionics racks, shipboard communications and control enclosures, wire harnesses, lightning diversion strips, surge suppressors, conformal shields, and other assemblies. This segment also supplies engineered products, including illuminated pushbutton switches and panels for aviation and test systems; microwave and millimeter switches and filters for radio frequency systems and test instrumentation; and motors and resolvers for motion control, as well as provides engineering service for aerospace system design, development, integration, and testing service. The Structural Systems segment designs, engineers, and manufactures contoured aluminum, titanium, and Inconel aero structure components; structural assembly products, such as winglets, engine components, and fuselage structural panels; aerodynamic systems; and metal and composite bonded structures and assemblies comprising aircraft wing spoilers, large fuselage skins, rotor blades on rotary-wing aircraft and components, flight control surfaces, engine components, ammunition handling systems, and magnetic seals. It serves commercial aircraft, military fixed-wing aircraft, military and commercial rotary-wing aircraft, and space programs. The company was founded in 1849 and is headquartered in Costa Mesa, California.;tech
DD;DuPont de Nemours, Inc. provides technology-based materials and solutions in the United States, Canada, the Asia Pacific, Latin America, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. It operates through two segments, ElectronicsCo and IndustrialsCo. The company supplies materials and solutions for the fabrication of semiconductors and integrated circuits. It also provides semiconductor and advanced packaging materials; dielectric and metallization solutions for chip packaging; silicones for light emitting diode packaging and semiconductor applications; and permanent and process chemistries for the fabrication of printed circuit boards to include laminates and substrates, and electroless and electrolytic metallization solutions, and electromagnetic shielding and thermal management solutions, as well as patterning solutions, and materials and metallization processes for metal finishing, decorative, and industrial applications. In addition, it offers various materials to manufacture rigid and flexible displays for organic light emitting diode, and other display applications; provides high performance parts, and specialty silicone elastomers, and lubricants to automotive, aerospace, electronics, industrial, and healthcare markets; and photopolymer plates and platemaking systems used in flexographic printing, and digital inks for textile, commercial, and home-office printing applications. Further, the company provides engineered products and integrated systems for worker safety, water purification and separation, transportation, energy, medical packaging and building materials. Additionally, it offers auto adhesives and fluids; Multibase; and Tedlar products. The company was formerly known as DowDuPont Inc. and changed its name to DuPont de Nemours, Inc. in June 2019. DuPont de Nemours, Inc. was incorporated in 2015 and is headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware.;tech
DDD;3D Systems Corporation provides 3D printing and digital manufacturing solutions in North and South America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, and Oceania. It operates through two segments, Healthcare Solutions and Industrial Solutions. The company offers 3D printing technologies, including stereolithography (SLA), selective laser sintering, direct metal printing, MultiJet printing, ColorJet printing, polymer extrusion, and extrusion and SLA based bioprinting. Its print materials include plastic, nylon, metal, composite, elastomeric, wax, polymeric dental materials, and biocompatible materials. The company also provides digital design tools, such as software, scanners, and haptic devices, as well as solutions for product design, simulation, mold and die design, 3D scan-to-print, reverse engineering, production machining, metrology, and inspection and manufacturing workflows. In addition, it offers software platforms, including 3D Sprint and 3DXpert, which are metal and polymer additive manufacturing solutions; and Oqton industrial manufacturing operating system. Further, the company provides maintenance and training services; advanced manufacturing services; software maintenance and cloud-software subscriptions; and precision healthcare solutions, such as design, planning, modeling, prototyping, manufacturing, printing, and finishing of medical and dental devices, anatomical models, and surgical guides and tools. It serves companies, and small and midsize businesses in the medical, dental, automotive, aerospace, durable goods, government, defense, technology, jewelry, electronic, education, consumer goods, energy, biotechnology, and other industries through direct sales force, channel partners, and appointed distributors. 3D Systems Corporation was founded in 1986 and is headquartered in Rock Hill, South Carolina.;tech
DDL;Dingdong (Cayman) Limited operates an e-commerce company in China. The company provides fresh groceries, including vegetables, meat and eggs, fruits, and seafood. It also offers prepared food, such as ready-to-eat, ready-to-heat, ready-to-cook, and ready-to-mix food; and other food products, such as baked goods, dairy, seasonings, beverages, instant food, oil, and snacks. The company offers its products through traditional offline, as well as online channels through Dingdong Fresh app, mini-programs, and third-party platforms. Dingdong (Cayman) Limited was founded in 2017 and is headquartered in Shanghai, China.;tech
DDS;Dillard's, Inc. operates retail department stores in the southeastern, southwestern, and midwestern areas of the United States. The company offers fashion apparel for men, women, and children; accessories, cosmetics, home furnishings, and other consumer goods through dillards.com, an Internet store and clearance centers. It also engages in the general contracting construction activities, such as constructing and remodeling stores for the company. The company was founded in 1938 and is based in Little Rock, Arkansas.;tech
DE;Deere & Company engages in the manufacture and distribution of various equipment worldwide. The company operates through four segments: Production and Precision Agriculture, Small Agriculture and Turf, Construction and Forestry, and Financial Services. The Production and Precision Agriculture segment provides large and mid-size tractors, combines, cotton pickers and strippers, sugarcane harvesters and loaders, soil preparation, tillage, seeding, and crop care equipment, as well as application equipment, including sprayers and nutrient management, soil preparation machinery for grain growers, and related attachments and service parts. The Small Agriculture and Turf segment offers rotary mowers, hay and forage equipment, forage harvesters, utility tractors, and related loaders and attachments; turf and utility equipment, including riding lawn, commercial mowing, and golf course equipment, and utility vehicles; and other outdoor power products, as well as implements for mowing, tilling, snow and debris handling, aerating, residential, commercial, golf, and sports turf care applications. The Construction and Forestry segment provides backhoe loaders, crawler dozers and loaders, four-wheel-drive loaders, track loaders, excavators, motor graders, articulated dump trucks, landscape and skid-steer loaders, scraper systems, milling machines, recyclers, slipform and asphalt pavers, surface miners, compactors, tandem, static rollers, mobile crushers and screens, mobile and stationary asphalt plants, log skidders and harvesters, log feller bunchers, and log loaders and forwarders; and road building and rehabilitation equipment. The Financial Services segment finances sales and leases agriculture and turf, and construction and forestry equipment. It also offers wholesale financing to dealers of the foregoing equipment; and extended equipment warranties, as well as finances retail revolving charge accounts. The company was founded in 1837 and is headquartered in Moline, Illinois.;tech
DEA;Easterly Government Properties, Inc. (NYSE: DEA) is based in Washington, D.C., and focuses primarily on the acquisition, development and management of Class A commercial properties that are leased to the U.S. Government. Easterly's experienced management team brings specialized insight into the strategy and needs of mission-critical U.S. Government agencies for properties leased to such agencies either directly or through the U.S. General Services Administration (GSA).;tech
DEC;Diversified Energy Company PLC operates as an independent owner and operator of producing natural gas and oil wells primarily in the Appalachian Basin of the United States. The company is involved in the production, marketing, and transportation of natural gas, natural gas liquids, crude oil, and condensates. Its assets consist of natural gas wells and gathering systems located in the states of Tennessee, Kentucky, Virginia, West Virginia, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Oklahoma, Texas, and Louisiana. The company was formerly known as Diversified Gas & Oil PLC and changed its name to Diversified Energy Company PLC in May 2021. The company was founded in 2001 and is headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama.;tech
DECK;Deckers Outdoor Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, designs, markets, and distributes footwear, apparel, and accessories for casual lifestyle use and high-performance activities in the United States and internationally. The company offers premium footwear, apparel, and accessories under the UGG brand name; footwear, such as running, trail, hiking, fitness, and lifestyle shoes, as well as apparel and accessories under the HOKA brand name; and sandals, shoes, and boots under the Teva brand name. It also provides a casual footwear fashion line under the Koolaburra brand name; and footwear products under the AHNU brand name. The company sells its products through domestic and international retailers, international distributors, and directly to its consumers through its direct-to-consumer business, which includes e-commerce websites and retail stores. Deckers Outdoor Corporation was founded in 1973 and is headquartered in Goleta, California.;tech
DEI;Douglas Emmett, Inc. (DEI) is a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT), and one of the largest owners and operators of high-quality office and multifamily properties located in the premier coastal submarkets of Los Angeles and Honolulu. Douglas Emmett focuses on owning and acquiring a substantial share of top-tier office properties and premier multifamily communities in neighborhoods that possess significant supply constraints, high-end executive housing and key lifestyle amenities.;tech
DELL;Dell Technologies Inc. designs, develops, manufactures, markets, sells, and supports various comprehensive and integrated solutions, products, and services in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Asia, and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Infrastructure Solutions Group (ISG) and Client Solutions Group (CSG). The ISG segment provides modern and traditional storage solutions, including all-flash arrays, scale-out file, object platforms, hyper-converged infrastructure, and software-defined storage; and general-purpose and AI-optimized servers. This segment also offers networking products and services comprising wide area network infrastructure, data center and edge networking switches, and cables and optics that help its business customers to transform and modernize their infrastructure and complementing its server and storage solutions; and software, peripherals, and services, including consulting and support, and deployment. The CSG segment provides notebooks, desktops, and workstations and branded peripherals that include displays, docking stations, keyboards, mice, webcam and audio devices, and third-party software and peripherals; and configuration, support and deployment, and extended warranties services. The company is involved in originating, collecting, and servicing customer financing arrangements; and offers payment and consumption solutions and services, such as as-a-Service, subscription, utility, leases, and loans, as well as fixed-term loans. It serves enterprises, governmental agencies and other public institutions, educational institutions, healthcare organizations, small and medium-sized businesses, and consumers. The company was formerly known as Denali Holding Inc. and changed its name to Dell Technologies Inc. in August 2016. Dell Technologies Inc. was founded in 1984 and is headquartered in Round Rock, Texas.;tech
DEO;Diageo plc, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the production, marketing, and distribution of alcoholic beverages in North America, Europe, the Asia Pacific, Latin America and Caribbean, and Africa. It offers beer, scotch, gin, vodka, rum, liqueur, raki, wine, Irish and Canadian whisky, US and Indian whisky, Chinese whisky, cachaça, tequila, brandy, and Chinese white spirit beverages. The company also provides ready-to-drink and non-alcoholic beverages. Its principal brands include Johnnie Walker, Don Julio, Guinness, Crown Royal, Smirnoff, Baileys, Captain Morgan, Casamigos, Shui Jing Fang, and McDowell's. The company was formerly known as Guinness plc and changed its name to Diageo plc in February 1998. The company was incorporated in 1886 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
DFH;Dream Finders Homes, Inc., through its subsidiary, Dream Finders Homes LLC, engages in the homebuilding business in the United States. The company operates through four segments: Southeast, Mid-Atlantic, Midwest, and Financial Services. It designs, builds, constructs, and sells single-family homes, such as entry-level, first and second time move-up, and active adult and custom homes. The company markets its homes under various brands, including Dream Finders Homes, DF Luxury, Craft Homes, and Coventry Homes. It also provides insurance agency services, including closing, escrow, and title insurance, as well as mortgage banking solutions. The company sells its homes through its sales representatives and independent real estate brokers. The company was founded in 2008 and is headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida.;tech
DFIN;Donnelley Financial Solutions, Inc. provides innovative software and technology-enabled financial regulatory and compliance solutions in the United States, Asia, Europe, Canada, and internationally. It operates through four segments: Capital Markets  Software Solutions (CM-SS); Capital Markets  Compliance and Communications Management (CM-CCM); Investment Companies  Software Solutions (IC-SS); and Investment Companies  Compliance and Communications Management (IC-CCM). The CM-SS segment provides Venue and ActiveDisclosure solutions to public and private companies to manage public and private transactional and compliance processes; collaborate; and tag, validate, and file SEC documents. The CM-CCM segment offers tech-enabled services and print and distribution solutions to public and private companies for deal solutions and SEC compliance requirements. The IC-SS segment provides clients with the Arc Suite platform that contains a comprehensive suite of cloud-based solutions, including ArcDigital, ArcReporting, ArcPro, and ArcRegulatory, as well as services that enable storage and management of compliance and regulatory information in a self-service and central repository for accessing, assembling, editing, translating, rendering, and submitting documents to regulators and investors. The IC-CCM segment offers tech-enabled solutions for creating, filing and distributing regulatory communications, and solutions for investor communications, as well as XBRL and iXBRL-formatted filings pursuant for Investment Company Act through the SEC's EDGAR system. This segment provides turnkey proxy services, including discovery, planning and implementation, print and mail management, solicitation, tabulation services, stockholder meeting review, and expert support. The company was founded in 1983 and is headquartered in Lancaster, Pennsylvania.;tech
DG;Dollar General Corporation, a discount retailer, provides various merchandise products in the southern, southwestern, midwestern, and eastern United States. The company offers consumable products, including paper towels, bath tissues, paper dinnerware, trash and storage bags, disinfectants, and laundry products; packaged food, such as cereals, pasta, canned soups, canned meats, fruits and vegetables, condiments, spices, sugar, and flour; and perishables, including milk, eggs, bread, refrigerated and frozen food, beer, wine, and produce; candy, cookies, crackers, salty snacks, and carbonated beverages; over-the-counter medicines and personal care products including soap, body wash, shampoo, cosmetics, dental hygiene and foot care products; pet supplies and pet food; and tobacco products. It also provides seasonal products comprising holiday items, toys, batteries, small electronics, greeting cards, stationery, prepaid phones and accessories, gardening supplies, hardware, automotive, and home office supplies; home products include kitchen supplies, cookware, small appliances, light bulbs, storage containers, frames, candles, craft supplies and kitchen, and bed and bath soft goods; and apparel products for infants, toddlers, girls, boys, women and men, as well as socks, underwear, disposable diapers, shoes and accessories. The company was formerly known as J.L. Turner & Son, Inc. and changed its name to Dollar General Corporation in 1968. Dollar General Corporation was founded in 1939 and is based in Goodlettsville, Tennessee.;tech
DGX;Quest Diagnostics Incorporated provides diagnostic testing and services in the United States and internationally. The company develops and delivers diagnostic information services, such as routine, non-routine and advanced clinical testing, anatomic pathology testing, and other diagnostic information services. It also provides diagnostic information services primarily under the Quest Diagnostics brand, as well as under the AmeriPath, Dermpath Diagnostics, ExamOne, and Quanum brands to physicians, hospitals, patients and consumers, health plans, government agencies, employers, emerging retail healthcare providers, pharmaceutical companies and insurers, commercial clinical laboratories, and accountable care organizations through a network of laboratories, patient service centers, phlebotomists in physician offices, call centers and mobile phlebotomists, nurses, and other health and wellness professionals. In addition, the company offers risk assessment services for the life insurance industry; and healthcare organizations and clinicians information technology solutions. Quest Diagnostics Incorporated was founded in 1967 and is headquartered in Secaucus, New Jersey.;tech
DHF;BNY Mellon High Yield Strategies Fund is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by BNY Mellon Investment Adviser, Inc. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. It primarily invests in fixed income securities of below investment grade quality, including securities of companies at early stages of development and companies with a highly leveraged financial structure. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the BofA Merrill Lynch U.S High Yield Master II Constrained Index. It was formerly known as Dreyfus High Yield Strategies Fund. BNY Mellon High Yield Strategies Fund was formed in April 29, 1998 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
DHI;D.R. Horton, Inc. operates as a homebuilding company in East, North, Southeast, South Central, Southwest, and Northwest regions in the United States. It engages in the acquisition and development of land; and construction and sale of residential homes in 125 markets across 36 states under the names of D.R. Horton. The company constructs and sells single-family detached homes; and attached homes, such as townhomes, duplexes, and triplexes. It provides mortgage financing services; and title insurance policies, and examination and closing services, as well as engages in the residential lot development business. In addition, the company develops, constructs, owns, leases, and sells multi-family and single-family rental properties; and owns non-residential real estate, including ranch land and improvements. It primarily serves homebuyers. D.R. Horton, Inc. was founded in 1978 and is headquartered in Arlington, Texas.;tech
DHR;Danaher Corporation designs, manufactures, and markets professional, medical, research, and industrial products and services in the United States, China, and internationally. It operates through Biotechnology, Life Sciences, and Diagnostics segments. The Biotechnology segment provides bioprocessing technologies, consumables, services, and solutions that advance, accelerate, and integrate the development and manufacture of therapeutics; cell line and cell culture media development services; cell culture media, process liquids and buffers for manufacturing, chromatography resins, filtration technologies, and aseptic fill finish; single-use hardware, consumables, and services, such as the design and installation of full manufacturing suites; lab filtration, separation, and purification; lab-scale protein purification and analytical tools; reagents, membranes, and services for diagnostic and assay development; and healthcare filtration solutions. The Life Sciences segment provides mass spectrometers; bioanalytical measurement systems; flow cytometry, genomics, lab automation, centrifugation, liquid handling automation instruments, antibodies, and particle counting and characterization; genome sample preparation; microscopes; protein consumables; filtration products; and genomic medicines, such as custom nucleic acid products, and plasmid DNA, RNA, and proteins under the ABCAM, ALDEVRON, BECKMAN COULTER, GENEDATA, IDT, LEICA MICROSYSTEMS, MOLECULAR DEVICES, PALL, PHENOMENEX, and SCIEX brands. The Diagnostics segment offers clinical instruments, consumables, software, and services in the areas of clinical chemistry, immunoassay, hematology, and microbiology for hospitals, physicians' offices, reference laboratories, and other critical care settings. The company was formerly known as Diversified Mortgage Investors, Inc. and changed its name to Danaher Corporation in 1984. Danaher Corporation was founded in 1969 and is headquartered in Washington, the District Of Columbia.;tech
DHX;DHI Group, Inc. provides data, insights, and employment connections through specialized services for technology professionals and other select online communities in the United States. Its solutions include talent profiles; job postings; employer branding; and other services comprising virtual and live career events, sourcing services, and content and data services that provides tailored content to help professionals manage their careers and provide employers insight into recruiting strategies and trends. The company also operates ClearanceJobs, an online career community, which matches security-cleared professionals with employers in a secure and private environment to fill the jobs that safeguard its nation; and Dice that offers job postings of technology and non-technology companies for industries, such as positions for software engineers, big data professionals, systems administrators, database specialists, project managers, and various other technology and engineering professionals. It serves small, mid-sized, and large direct employers; staffing companies; recruiting agencies; staffing and consulting firms; and marketing departments of companies, as well as direct hiring companies. The company offers its products and services through its direct sales force and agency partner channel. The company was formerly known as Dice Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to DHI Group, Inc. in April 2015. DHI Group, Inc. was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in Centennial, Colorado.;tech
DINO;HF Sinclair Corporation operates as an independent energy company in the United States. It operates through five segments: Refining, Renewables, Marketing, Lubricants and Specialties, and Midstream. The company produces and markets gasoline, diesel fuel, jet fuel, renewable diesel, specialty lubricant products, specialty chemicals, specialty and modified asphalt, and others. It also owns and operates refineries located in Kansas, Oklahoma, New Mexico, Utah, Washington, and Wyoming; and markets its refined products principally in the Southwest United States and Rocky Mountains, Pacific Northwest, and in other neighboring Plains states. In addition, the company supplies fuels to approximately 1,300 independent Sinclair branded stations and licenses the use of the Sinclair brand at approximately 300 additional locations. Further, the company produces base oils and other specialized lubricants; and provides petroleum product and crude oil transportation, terminalling, storage, and throughput services to the petroleum sector. HF Sinclair Corporation was incorporated in 1947 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
DIS;The Walt Disney Company operates as an entertainment company in the Americas, Europe, and the Asia Pacific. It operates in three segments: Entertainment, Sports, and Experiences. The company produces and distributes film and television content under the ABC Television Network, Disney, Freeform, FX, Fox, National Geographic, and Star brand television channels, as well as ABC television stations and A+E television networks; and produces original content under the Disney Branded Television, FX Productions, Lucasfilm, Marvel, National Geographic Studios, Pixar, Searchlight Pictures, Twentieth Century Studios, 20th Television, and Walt Disney Pictures banners. It also offers direct-to-consumer streaming services through Disney+, Disney+ Hotstar, and Hulu; sports-related video streaming content through ESPN, ESPN on ABC, ESPN+ DTC, and Star; sale/licensing of film and episodic content to television and video-on-demand services; theatrical, home entertainment, and music distribution services; DVD and Blu-ray discs, electronic home video licenses, and VOD rental services; staging and licensing of live entertainment events; and post-production services. In addition, the company operates theme parks and resorts, such as Walt Disney World Resort, Disneyland Resort, Disneyland Paris, Hong Kong Disneyland Resort, Shanghai Disney Resort, Disney Cruise Line, Disney Vacation Club, National Geographic Expeditions, and Adventures by Disney, as well as Aulani, a Disney resort and spa in Hawaii. Further, it licenses its intellectual property (IP) to a third party that owns and operates Tokyo Disney Resort; licenses trade names, characters, visual, literary, and other IP for use on merchandise, published materials, and games; operates a direct-to-home satellite distribution platform; sells branded merchandise through retail, online, and wholesale businesses; and develops and publishes books, comic books, and magazines. The company was founded in 1923 and is based in Burbank, California.;tech
DK;Delek US Holdings, Inc. engages in the integrated downstream energy business in the United States. The company operates in two segments: Refining and Logistics. The Refining segment processes crude oil and other feedstock for the manufacture of various grades of gasoline, diesel fuel, aviation fuel, asphalt, and other petroleum-based products that are distributed through owned and third-party product terminal. It owns and operates refineries located in Tyler, Texas; El Dorado, Arkansas; Big Spring, Texas; and Krotz Springs, Louisiana. The Logistics segment gathers, transports, and stores crude oil, intermediate, and refined products; and markets, distributes, transports, and stores refined products, as well as disposes and recycles water for third parties. It owns or leases crude oil transportation pipelines, refined product pipelines, crude oil gathering systems, and associated crude oil storage tanks; and owns and operates light product distribution terminals, as well as markets light products using third-party terminals. It serves oil companies, independent refiners and marketers, jobbers, distributors, utility and transportation companies, government, and independent retail fuel operators. Delek US Holdings, Inc. was founded in 2001 and is headquartered in Brentwood, Tennessee.;tech
DKS;DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an omni-channel sporting goods retailer primarily in the United States. The company provides hardlines, including sporting goods equipment, fitness equipment, golf equipment, and fishing gear products; and apparel. It also offers footwear and accessories, such as athletic shoes for running, walking, tennis, fitness and cross training, basketball, and hiking; and specialty footwear comprising casual footwear and a complete line of cleats for team sports. In addition, the company owns and operates Sporting Goods, Golf Galaxy, Public Lands, Moosejaw, and Going Going Gone! specialty concept stores; and DICK'S House of Sport and Golf Galaxy Performance Center, as well as GameChanger, a youth sports mobile app for live streaming, scheduling, communications, and scorekeeping. It offers its products online, as well as through its mobile apps. The company was formerly known as Dick'S Clothing and Sporting Goods, Inc. and changed its name to DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc. in April 1999. DICK'S Sporting Goods, Inc. was incorporated in 1948 and is based in Coraopolis, Pennsylvania.;tech
DLB;Dolby Laboratories, Inc. engages in the design and manufacture of audio, imaging, accessibility, and other hardware and software solutions primarily for application in the television, broadcast, and live entertainment industries in the United States and internationally. The company develops and licenses its audio technologies, such as AAC, HE-AAC, and extended HE-AAC, a digital audio codec solution; AVC, a digital video codec used in STBs, mobile devices, cameras, and broadcast television services and other products; and Dolby Atmos and Dolby Vision include encoding technologies that artists use to create more compelling and immersive audio and video experiences. Its audio technologies also include DD+, an advanced surround sound audio codec technology; Dolby AC-4, an audio codec that uses cutting edge compression; and HEVC, a next-generation digital video codec that compresses video. In addition, the company offers Dolby Cinemas, a premium large format cinemas that deliver a Dolby branded premium cinema offering with Dolby Vision, Dolby Atmos, and a Dolby theater design; Dolby.io, a next generation SaaS product of immersive, interactive, and social experiences with real-time engagement for live events, especially sports; and digital cinema servers, cinema processors, amplifiers, loudspeakers, and audio and imaging hardware and software products for the cinema, television, broadcast, communication, and entertainment industries. Further, it provides various services to support theatrical and television production for cinema exhibition, broadcast, and home entertainment. The company serves film studios, content creators, post-production facilities, and broadcasters. Dolby Laboratories, Inc. was founded in 1965 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
DLR;Digital Realty Trust, Inc. (Digital Realty or the company) owns, acquires, develops, and operates data centers through its operating partnership subsidiary, Digital Realty Trust, L.P. (the operating partnership). The company is focused on providing data center, colocation, and interconnection solutions for domestic and international customers across a variety of industry verticals ranging from cloud and information technology services, communications and social networking to financial services, manufacturing, energy, healthcare, and consumer products. As of June 30, 2025, the company's 310 data centers, including 87 data centers held as investments in unconsolidated entities, contain applications and operations critical to the day-to-day operations of technology industry and corporate enterprise data center customers. Digital Realty's portfolio is comprised of approximately 42.5 million square feet, excluding approximately 9.8 million square feet of space under active development and 4.6 million square feet of space held for future development, located throughout North America, Europe, South America, Asia, Australia, and Africa.;tech
DLX;Deluxe Corporation provides technology-enabled solutions to small and medium-sized businesses, and financial institutions in the United States and Canada. The company operates through four segments: Merchant Services, B2B Payments, Data Solutions, and Print. It offers credit and debit card authorization and payment systems; processing services to small and medium-sized retail and service businesses; treasury management solutions, including remittance and lockbox processing, remote deposit capture, cash application, and payment acceptance solutions, as well as integrated accounts payable disbursements, such as eChecks, Medical Payment Exchange, and Deluxe Payment Exchange+; and fraud and security services. The company also provides data, analytics, and marketing services for both business-to-business and business-to-consumer marketing; financial institution profitability reporting and business incorporation services; printed personal and business checks, and business essentials comprising printed business forms and business accessories; and branded promotional, print, apparel, and digital storefront solutions. It sells through multi-channel sales and marketing, and scalable partnerships. The company was formerly known as Deluxe Check Printers, Incorporated and changed its name to Deluxe Corporation in 1988. Deluxe Corporation was founded in 1915 and is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota.;tech
DMB;BNY Mellon Municipal Bond Infrastructure Fund, Inc. is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by BNY Mellon Investment Adviser, Inc. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. It primarily invests in the tax-exempt investment grade debt obligations issued by or on behalf of states, territories and possessions of the United States and the District of Columbia and their political subdivisions, agencies and instrumentalities, or multistate agencies or authorities, and certain other specified securities. The fund invests its bonds issued by infrastructure sector including transportation, energy and utilities, social infrastructure, water and environment, and other similar public sectors which are rated as BBB- and above by S&P and Fitch and Baa3 and above by Moody's with an effective duration of up to 14 years.  It employs fundamental and quantitative analysis with a bottom-up security picking approach by focusing on factors such as the relative value and attractiveness of various sectors and securities to seek to exploit pricing inefficiencies in the municipal bond market, actively trading among various sectors based on their apparent values, general economic and monetary conditions, prevailing interest rates and the condition of the general money market and the municipal bond market, the size of a particular offering, the maturity of the obligation, and the rating of the issue to create its portfolio. The fund was formerly known as Dreyfus Municipal Bond Infrastructure Fund, Inc. BNY Mellon Municipal Bond Infrastructure Fund, Inc. was formed on April 25, 2013 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
DMO;Western Asset Mortgage Opportunity Fund Inc. is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Legg Mason Partners Fund Advisor, LLC. The fund is co-managed Western Asset Management Company and Western Asset Management Company Limited. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund invests primarily in mortgage-backed securities. It employs intensive proprietary research to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the BofA Merrill Lynch U.S. Floating Rate Home Equity Loan Asset Backed Securities Index. Western Asset Mortgage Opportunity Fund Inc. was formed on December 11, 2009 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
DNA;Ginkgo Bioworks Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, develops a platform for cell programming in the United States. It operates through Cell Engineering and Biosecurity segments. The company offers cell engineering research and development solutions, as well as cell engineering tools comprising functional genomics and antibody developability Datapoints services, artificial intelligence models, and reconfigurable automation cart systems on its platform for use in the research, development, and commercialization of engineered organisms and derived products. It also provides biomonitoring and bioinformatics support services through Canopy, which generates genomic data from strategically positioned nodes through biomonitoring programs; and Horizon, a digital surveillance, analytics, and insights platform that detects and monitors biothreats. The company serves the pharmaceutical and biotechnology, agriculture, industrial and environment, food and nutrition, consumer and technology, and government and defense industries. Ginkgo Bioworks Holdings, Inc. was founded in 2008 and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts.;tech
DNOW;DNOW Inc. distributes downstream energy and industrial products for petroleum refining, chemical processing, LNG terminals, power generation, gas utilities, and customer on-site and off-site locations in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Norway, Australia, the Netherlands, Singapore, and the Middle East. The company's products portfolio includes pipes, manual and automated valves, fittings, flanges, gaskets, fasteners, electrical, instrumentation and measurement products, and pumping solutions, as well as modular process, production, measurement, automation, and control equipment; consumable maintenance, repair, and operating supplies; mill supplies, tools, safety supplies, and personal protective equipment; and artificial lift systems, coatings, and miscellaneous expendable items. It also offers original equipment manufacturer equipment, including pumps, generator sets, air compressors, dryers, blowers, mixers, and valves; modular oil and gas wellsite facility solutions; and application systems, work processes, parts integration, optimization solutions, and after-sales support services. In addition, the company provides supply chain and materials management; inventory planning and management; sourcing, procurement, and warehouse management solutions; logistics, point of issue technology, project management, business process, and performance metrics reporting services. It serves customers in the upstream, midstream, and downstream sectors of the energy industry, including drilling contractors, well-servicing companies, independent and national oil and gas companies, midstream operators, refineries, petrochemical, chemical, utilities, RNG facilities, and other downstream energy processors; and industrial and manufacturing companies. The company was formerly known as NOW Inc. and changed its name to DNOW Inc. in January 2024. DNOW Inc. was founded in 1862 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
DNP;DNP Select Income Fund Inc. is a closed ended balanced mutual fund launched by Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. The fund is managed by Duff & Phelps Investment Management Co. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. For the fixed income portion, the fund invests in bonds. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating in the Utility sector. The fund invests in stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Utilities Index and Barclays Capital U.S. Utility Bond Index. DNP Select Income Fund Inc. was formed on November 26, 1986 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
DOCN;DigitalOcean Holdings, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates a cloud computing platform in North America, Europe, Asia, and internationally. The company provides on-demand infrastructure and platform tools for developers at growing technology companies. It also offers infrastructure-as-a-service (IaaS) solutions comprising compute, storage, and networking products, including cloud firewalls, managed load balancers, and virtual private cloud software, as well as IP address management and domain name system management. In addition, the company provides platform-as-a-service (PaaS) and software-as-a-service (SaaS) solutions, such as managed databases; managed Kubernetes and container registry; application platform to build, deploy, and scale applications; Functions, a serverless compute solution; and Uptime for real-time uptime and latency alerts, as well as managed hosting and DigitalOcean Marketplace, a platform where developers can find pre-configured applications and solutions. Further, it offers artificial intelligence (AI)/machine learning (ML) applications comprising GPU droplets; GENAI platform, a solution for deploying AI applications; bare metal GPUS which provides access to a GPU server without any virtualization layer and gives developers with customizable server for their use case; and Jupyter Notebooks that provides cloud workspace and managed interactive development environment for exploring data and training, and building machine learning models. Its customers use its platform in various industry verticals, such as gaming, fintech, and cybersecurity, as well as for a range of use cases, including building and hosting websites, web and mobile applications development, AI integration, and building AI products and applications. DigitalOcean Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in 2012 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
DOCS;Doximity, Inc. operates as a digital platform for medical professionals in the United States. Its platform provides its members with digital tools built for medicine, that enables its members to collaborate with colleagues, stay up to date with the latest medical news and research, manage their careers and on-call schedules, streamline documentation and administrative paperwork, and conduct virtual patient visits. The company primarily serves physicians, nurse practitioners, physician assistants, medical students, pharmaceutical manufacturers, and healthcare systems. The company was formerly known as 3MD Communications, Inc. and changed its name to Doximity, Inc. in June 2010. Doximity, Inc. was incorporated in 2010 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
DOLE;Dole plc engages in sourcing, processing, marketing, and distribution of fresh fruit and vegetables worldwide. It operates through three segments: Fresh Fruit; Diversified Fresh Produce - EMEA; and Diversified Fresh Produce - Americas and ROW. The company offers bananas, pineapples, grapes, berries, avocados, organic produce, cherries, kiwis, apples, cherries potato, and onion. The company offers its products under DOLE brand. It serves retailers, wholesalers, and foodservice customers. Dole plc was incorporated in 2017 and is headquartered in Dublin, Ireland.;tech
DOUG;Douglas Elliman Inc. engages in the real estate services and property technology investment business in the United States. It operates in two segments, Real Estate Brokerage, and Corporate Activities and Other. The company also provides residential real estate brokerage services; and ancillary services, such as property management, title, and escrow services. The company also offers its services internationally. Douglas Elliman Inc. was founded in 1911 and is headquartered in Miami, Florida.;tech
DOV;Dover Corporation provides equipment and components, consumable supplies, aftermarket parts, software and digital solutions, and support services worldwide. The company's Engineered Products segment provides various equipment, component, software, solution, and services that are used in vehicle aftermarket, aerospace and defense, industrial winch and hoist, and fluid dispensing end-market. This segment offers software solutions and services used in light and heavy-duty vehicle lifts, wheel service equipment, vehicle diagnostics, and vehicle collision repair solutions; winches, hoists, bearings, drives, and electric monitoring system; and radio frequency and microwave filters and switches, and signal intelligence solutions, as well as soldering and fluid dispensing solutions. Its Clean Energy & Fueling segment offers component, equipment, and software and service solution enabling safe storage and transport of fuel, cryogenic gases, and hazardous fluids, as well as operation of retail fueling and vehicle wash establishment. The company's Imaging & Identification segment provides precision marking and coding, product traceability equipment, brand protection, and digital textile printing equipment and solution, as well as consumable, software, and service to packaged and consumer goods, pharmaceutical, industrial manufacturing, textile, and other end-market. Its Pumps & Process Solutions segment manufactures specialty pump, connector, flow meter, fluid connecting solution, plastics and polymer processing equipment, and engineered components for rotating and reciprocating machines. The company's Climate & Sustainability Technologies segment manufactures refrigeration system, refrigeration display case, commercial glass refrigerator and freezer door, and brazed plate heat exchanger for industrial heating and cooling, and residential climate control applications. The company was incorporated in 1947 and is headquartered in Downers Grove, Illinois.;tech
DOW;Dow Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides various materials science solutions for packaging, infrastructure, mobility, and consumer applications in the United States, Canada, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, India, the Asia Pacific, and Latin America. The company operates through Packaging & Specialty Plastics, Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure, and Performance Materials & Coatings segments. The Packaging & Specialty Plastics segment provides ethylene, propylene, polyethylene, and aromatics products; and other ethylene derivatives, such as polyolefin elastomers, ethylene vinyl acetate, and ethylene propylene diene monomer rubber. The Industrial Intermediates & Infrastructure segment offers polyurethanes, including propylene oxide, propylene glycol, and polyether polyols; aromatic isocyanates and fully formulated polyurethane systems; and chlor-alkali and vinyl comprising chlorine and caustic soda, ethylene dichloride, and vinyl chloride monomer; and construction chemicals consisting of cellulose ethers, redispersible latex powders, and acrylic emulsions, as well as coatings, adhesives, sealants, elastomers, and composites. The Performance Materials & Coatings segment provides architectural paints and coatings, and industrial coatings; and acrylics-based building blocks, silicon metals, siloxanes, and intermediates. The company also engages in the property and casualty insurance, as well as reinsurance business. Dow Inc. was founded in 1897 and is headquartered in Midland, Michigan.;tech
DPG;Duff & Phelps Utility and Infrastructure Fund Inc is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched by Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. The fund is managed by Duff & Phelps Investment Management Co. It invests in the public equity markets across the globe. The fund seeks to invest in the companies operating in utility sector. It invests in stocks of companies across diversified market capitalizations. The fund was formerly known as Duff & Phelps Global Utility Income Fund Inc. Duff & Phelps Utility and Infrastructure Fund Inc. was formed on July 29, 2011 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
DQ;Daqo New Energy Corp., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells polysilicon to photovoltaic product manufacturers in the People's Republic of China. Its products are used in ingots, wafers, cells, and modules for solar power solutions. The company was formerly known as Mega Stand International Limited and changed its name to Daqo New Energy Corp. in August 2009. The company was founded in 2006 and is based in Shanghai, the People's Republic of China.;tech
DRD;DRDGOLD Limited, a gold mining company, engages in the extraction of gold from the retreatment of surface mine tailings in South Africa. It sells gold and silver bullion. It is involved in provision care and maintenance services; and operation of training center. The company was formerly known as Durban Roodepoort Deep Limited and changed its name to DRDGOLD Limited in 2004. The company was incorporated in 1895 and is headquartered in Johannesburg, South Africa. DRDGOLD Limited is a subsidiary of Sibanye Gold Limited.;tech
DSL;DoubleLine Funds - DoubleLine Income Solutions Fund is a closed end fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by DoubleLine Capital LP. The fund invests in fixed income markets across the globe. It primarily invests in debt securities issued by domestic or foreign corporate or other issuers, obligations of foreign sovereigns or their agencies or instrumentalities, mortgage-backed securities, hybrid REIT securities that trade on an exchange, bank loans, municipal securities, and other debt securities issued by states or local governments and their agencies, authorities, and other government-sponsored enterprises. DoubleLine Funds - DoubleLine Income Solutions Fund is domiciled in the United States.;tech
DSM;BNY Mellon Strategic Municipal Bond Fund, Inc. is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by BNY Mellon Investment Adviser, Inc. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. It primarily invests in investment grade municipal bonds which are exempt from federal income tax. The fund seeks to maintain a weighted average maturity of greater than 10 years. It was formerly known as Dreyfus Strategic Municipal Bond Fund, Inc. BNY Mellon Strategic Municipal Bond Fund, Inc. was formed on November 22, 1989 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
DSX;Diana Shipping Inc. provides shipping transportation services worldwide. It also engages in the ownership and bareboat charter-in of dry bulk carriers. The company transports a range of dry bulk cargoes, including commodities, such as iron ore, coal, grain, and other materials in shipping routes. As of March 24, 2025, it operated a fleet of 37 dry bulk vessels, including 4 Newcastlemax, 8 Capesize, 4 Post-Panamax, 6 Kamsarmax, 10 Ultramax, and 6 Panamax. The company was formerly known as Diana Shipping Investments Corp. and changed its name to Diana Shipping Inc. in February 2005. Diana Shipping Inc. was incorporated in 1999 and is based in Athens, Greece.;tech
DT;Dynatrace, Inc. engages in the advancement of observability for digital businesses, which transforms the complexity of modern digital ecosystems in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, and Latin America. It operates Dynatrace, an AI-powered observability platform, which provides solutions, including infrastructure, application, threat, and AI observability; digital experience; log analytics; application security; software delivery; and business analytics. The company's platform enables organizations to optimize cloud and IT operations, accelerate secure software delivery, and improve digital performance. In addition, it offers implementation, consulting, and training services. The company markets its products through a combination of global direct sales team and a network of partners, including global system integrators (GSIs), cloud providers, resellers and technology alliance partners. It serves customers in various industries comprising banking, financial services, government, insurance, retail and wholesale, transportation, and software. Dynatrace, Inc. was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts.;tech
DTE;DTE Energy Company engages in the energy-related businesses and services. The company's Electric segment generates, purchases, distributes, and sells electricity to approximately 2.3 million residential, commercial, and industrial customers in southeastern Michigan. It generates electricity through coal-fired plants, hydroelectric pumped storage, and nuclear plants, as well as wind and solar assets. This segment owns and operates 702 distribution substations with a capacity of approximately 37,710,000 kilovolt-amperes (kVA) and approximately 4,55,300 line transformers with a capacity of approximately 33,570,000 kVA. The company's Gas segment purchases, stores, transports, distributes, and sells natural gas to approximately 1.3 million residential, commercial, and industrial customers throughout Michigan; and sells storage and transportation capacity. This segment has approximately 20,500 miles of distribution mains; 1,238,000 service pipelines; and 1,352,000 active meters, as well as owns approximately 2,000 miles of transmission pipelines. Its DTE Vantage segment offers metallurgical and petroleum coke to steel and other industries; and power generation, steam production, chilled water production, and wastewater treatment services, as well as compressed air supply to industrial customers. This segment also owns and operates 3 renewable generating plants with a capacity of 114 MWs; and 23 gas recovery sites. Its Energy Trading segment engages in power, natural gas, and environmental marketing and trading; structured transactions; and the optimization of contracted natural gas pipeline transportation and storage positions. The company was founded in 1849 and is based in Detroit, Michigan.;tech
DTM;DT Midstream, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides integrated natural gas services in the United States. The company operates in two segments, Pipeline and Gathering. The Pipeline segment owns and operates interstate and intrastate natural gas pipelines, storage systems, and natural gas gathering lateral pipelines. This segment also engages in the transportation and storage of natural gas for intermediate and end-user customers. The Gathering segment owns and operates gas gathering systems. This segment is involved in the collection of natural gas for delivery to plants for treating, to gathering pipelines for further gathering, or to pipelines for transportation; and provision of associated ancillary services, including compression, dehydration, gas treatment, water impoundment, water transportation, water disposal, and sand mining. It serves natural gas producers, local distribution companies, electric power generators, industrials, and national marketers. The company was incorporated in 2021 and is headquartered in Detroit, Michigan.;tech
DUK;Duke Energy Corporation, through its subsidiaries, operates as an energy company in the United States. It operates through two segments: Electric Utilities and Infrastructure (EU&I); and Gas Utilities and Infrastructure (GU&I). The EU&I segment generates, transmits, distributes, and sells electricity to approximately 8.6 million customers in the Southeast and Midwest regions. It generates electricity through coal, hydroelectric, natural gas, oil, renewables, and nuclear fuel. This segment also engages in the wholesale of electricity to municipalities, electric cooperative utilities, and other load-serving entities. The GU&I segment distributes natural gas to approximately 1.7 million customers in the residential, commercial, industrial, and power generation natural gas sectors; and invests in pipeline transmission projects, renewable natural gas projects, and natural gas storage facilities. The company was formerly known as Duke Energy Holding Corp. and changed its name to Duke Energy Corporation in April 2006. Duke Energy Corporation was founded in 1904 and is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina.;tech
DV;DoubleVerify Holdings, Inc. provides media effectiveness platforms in the United States and internationally. The company provides data analytics that enable advertisers to increase the effectiveness and quality and return on their digital advertising investments. It offers DV Authentic Ad, a metric of digital media quality, which evaluates the existence of fraud, brand safety and suitability, viewability and geography for each digital ad; DV Authentic Attention that provides actionable and comprehensive data to drive campaign performance; Scibids AI, an AI-powered digital campaign optimization solutions. and Custom Contextual solution, which allows advertisers to match their ads to relevant content to maximize user engagement and drive campaign performance. In addition, the company provides DV Publisher suite, a solution for digital publishers to manage revenue and increase inventory yield by improving video delivery, identifying lost or unfilled sales, and aggregate data across all inventory sources; and DV Pinnacle, a service and analytics platform user interface that allows its customers to adjust and deploy controls for their media plan and track campaign performance metrics across channels, formats, and devices. Further, it offers software platform that is integrated across digital advertising ecosystem, including programmatic platforms, social media channels, and digital publishers. The company serves brands, publishers, and other supply-side customers covering various industry verticals, including consumer packaged goods, financial services, telecommunications, technology, automotive, and healthcare. The company was founded in 2008 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
DVA;DaVita Inc. provides kidney dialysis services for patients suffering from chronic kidney failure in the United States. The company operates kidney dialysis centers and provides related lab services in outpatient dialysis centers. It also offers outpatient, hospital inpatient, and home-based hemodialysis services; operates clinical laboratories that provide routine laboratory tests for dialysis and other physician-prescribed laboratory tests for ESRD patients; and management and administrative services to outpatient dialysis centers. In addition, the company offers integrated care and disease management services to patients in risk-based and other integrated care arrangements; clinical research programs; physician services; and comprehensive kidney care services. Further, it engages in the provision of inpatient dialysis services and related laboratory services; and transplant software business. The company was formerly known as DaVita HealthCare Partners Inc. and changed its name to DaVita Inc. in September 2016. DaVita Inc. was incorporated in 1994 and is headquartered in Denver, Colorado.;tech
DVN;Devon Energy Corporation, an independent energy company, engages in the exploration, development, and production of oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids in the United States. It operates in Delaware Basin located in southeast New Mexico and west Texas, Eagle Ford located in North America, Anadarko Basin located in western Oklahoma, Williston Basin located in North Dakota, and Powder River Basin located in Wyoming. Devon Energy Corporation was founded in 1971 and is headquartered in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.;tech
DXC;DXC Technology Company, together with its subsidiaries, provides information technology services and solutions in the United States, the United Kingdom, the rest of Europe, Australia, and internationally. It operates in two segments: Global Business Services (GBS) and Global Infrastructure Services (GIS). The GBS segment offers a portfolio of analytics services and an extensive partner ecosystem that helps its customers gain insights, automate operations, and accelerate their transformation journeys. It also provides software engineering, consulting, and data analytics solutions, which enable businesses to run and manage their mission-critical functions, transform their operations, and develop new ways of doing business. This segment simplifies, modernizes, and accelerates mission-critical applications that support business agility and growth through application services; provides proprietary modular insurance software and platforms; and operates a wide spectrum of insurance business process services. Additionally, it helps to operate and improve bank card, payment, and lending processes and operations, as well as customer experiences. The GIS segment offers security services such as IT security, operations, and culture for migrating to the cloud, protecting data with a zero-trust strategy, and managing a security operation center. It also provides cloud infrastructure and IT outsourcing services. This segment delivers a consumer-like experience, centralizes IT management and support services, improves the total cost of ownership, and orchestrates hybrid cloud and multicloud environments. The company markets and sells its products through a direct sales force to commercial businesses and public sector enterprises. DXC Technology Company was founded in 1959 and is headquartered in Ashburn, Virginia.;tech
DY;Dycom Industries, Inc. provides specialty contracting services to the telecommunications infrastructure and utility industries in the United States. The company offers engineering services to telecommunications providers, including the planning and design of aerial, underground, and buried fiber optic, copper, and coaxial cable systems; placement of cables, related structures, and drop lines for telephone companies and cable multiple system operators; program and project management, and inspection personnel; and wireless networks in connection with the deployment of macro cell and new small cell sites. It also provides construction, maintenance, and installation services, such as placement and splicing of copper, fiber, and coaxial cables; tower construction, lines and antenna installation, foundation and equipment pad construction, and small cell site placement for wireless carriers, as well as equipment installation and material fabrication, and site testing services; underground facility locating services, including locating telephone, cable television, power, water, sewer, and gas lines for utility companies; installation and maintenance of customer premise equipment, including digital video recorders, set top boxes, and modems for cable system operators; and construction and maintenance services for electric and gas utilities, and other customers. Dycom Industries, Inc. was incorporated in 1969 and is based in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida.;tech
E;Eni S.p.A. operates as an integrated energy company in Italy, Other European Union, Rest of Europe, the United States, Asia, Africa, and internationally. The company engages in exploration, development, extracting, manufacturing, and marketing crude oil and natural gas, oil-based fuels, chemical products, and gas-fired power, as well as energy products from renewable sources. It operates through Exploration & Production; Global Gas & LNG Portfolio and Power; Refining and Chemicals; Enilive; Plenitude; and Corporate and Other Activities segments. The company engages in research, development, and production of oil, condensates, and natural gas. It is also involved in the supply and sale of wholesale natural gas through pipeline; electricity; and international transport, and purchase and marketing of liquefied natural gas. In addition, the company supplies bio-feedstock and crude oil; and stores, produces, distributes, and markets biofuels, oil products, biomethane, basic chemical and petrochemical products, intermediates, plastics and elastomers, and other chemicals, as well as provides smart mobility solutions and mobility services. Further, the company engages in the retail marketing of gas, electricity, and related services; production and wholesale sale of electricity from renewable plants; and building and managing a network of charging points for electric vehicles. Eni S.p.A. was founded in 1953 and is headquartered in Rome, Italy.;tech
EAF;GrafTech International Ltd. research, develops, manufactures, and sells graphite and carbon-based solutions worldwide. The company offers graphite electrodes to produce electric arc furnace steel and other ferrous and non-ferrous metals; and petroleum needle coke, a crystalline form of carbon used in the production of graphite electrodes and synthetic graphite. It sells its products through direct sales force, independent sales representatives, and distributors. The company was founded in 1886 and is headquartered in Brooklyn Heights, Ohio.;tech
EB;Eventbrite, Inc. operates a two-sided marketplace that provides self-service ticketing and marketing tools for event creators in the United States and internationally. Its platform plans, promotes, and sells tickets to consumers. The company was formerly known as Mollyguard Corporation and changed its name to Eventbrite, Inc. in 2009. Eventbrite, Inc. was incorporated in 2003 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
EBF;Ennis, Inc. produces and sells business forms and other printed products in the United States. The company sells snap sets, continuous forms, laser cut sheets, tags, labels, envelopes, integrated products, jumbo rolls, and pressure sensitive products under the Ennis, Royal Business Forms, Block Graphics, ColorWorx, Enfusion, Uncompromised Check Solutions, VersaSeal, Ad Concepts, FormSource Limited, Star Award Ribbon Company, Witt Printing, Genforms, PrintGraphics, Calibrated Forms, PrintXcel, Printegra, Forms Manufacturers, Mutual Graphics, TRI-C Business Forms, Major Business Systems, Independent Printing, Hayes Graphics, Wright Business Graphics, Wright 360, Integrated Print & Graphics, the Flesh Company, AmeriPrint, Stylecraft, UMC Print, Eagle Graphics, Diamond Graphics, and Printing Technologies labels. It also provides point of purchase advertising under the Adams McClure brand; presentation and document folders under the Admore, Folder Express, and Independent Folders brands; custom printed products, labels, and custom and stock tags under the Ennis Tag & Label brand; custom and stock tags and labels under the Allen-Bailey Tag & Label, Atlas Tag & Label, Kay Toledo Tag, and Special Service Partners brands; custom and imprinted envelopes under the Trade Envelopes, Block Graphics, Wisco, and National Imprint Corporation brands; financial and security documents under the Northstar and General Financial Supply brands; and custom and stock pressure seal documents under the Infoseal and PrintXcel brands. In addition, it offers school photo marketing and national school forms for school portrait photographers and professional photo labs. The company distributes business forms and other business products through business forms distributors, resellers, direct mail, commercial printers, software companies, and advertising agencies. The company was formerly known as Ennis Business Forms, Inc. Ennis, Inc. was founded in 1909 and is headquartered in Midlothian, Texas.;tech
EBR;Centrais Elétricas Brasileiras S.A. - Eletrobrás, through its subsidiaries, engages in the generation, transmission, and commercialization of electricity in Brazil. The company generates electricity through hydroelectric, thermoelectric, nuclear, wind, and solar plants. It also owns and operates 44 hydroelectric plants with a total capacity of 42,293.5 megawatt (MW); and 66,539.17 kilometers of transmission lines. Centrais Elétricas Brasileiras S.A.  Eletrobrás was incorporated in 1962 and is headquartered in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.;tech
EBS;Emergent BioSolutions Inc., a life sciences company, provides preparedness and response solutions for accidental, deliberate, and naturally occurring public health threats in the United States. The company offers NARCAN Nasal Spray for the emergency treatment of known or suspected opioid overdose; Vaxchora vaccine for the prevention of cholera; Vivotif vaccine for oral administration for the prevention of typhoid fever; Anthrasil for the treatment of inhalational anthrax; BioThrax, an anthrax vaccine; CYFENDUS for post-exposure prophylaxis of disease following suspected or confirmed exposure to Bacillus anthracis; and Raxibacumab injection for the treatment and prophylaxis of inhalational anthrax. It provides ACAM2000, a smallpox vaccine; CNJ-016 to address complications from smallpox vaccination; TEMBEXA for the treatment of smallpox disease caused by variola virus in adult and pediatric patients; Botulism Antitoxin Heptavalent for the treatment of symptomatic botulism; Ebanga for the treatment of Ebola; Trobigard, an atropine sulfate obidoxime chloride auto-injector. In addition, the company is developing EBS-LASV to prevent Lassa fever; EBS-MARV to prevent Marburg virus disease; EBS-SUDV to prevent Sudan virus disease; Pan-Ebola mAbs for the treatment of ebola virus; and WEVEE-VLP for equine encephalitis virus infections. Further, it provides contract development and manufacturing services comprising drug substance and product manufacturing, and packaging, as well as technology transfer, process, and analytical development services. The company was incorporated in 1998 and is headquartered in Gaithersburg, Maryland.;tech
EC;Ecopetrol S.A. operates as an integrated energy company. It operates through four segments: Exploration and Production; Transport and Logistics; Refining and Petrochemicals; and Electric Power Transmission and Toll Roads Concessions. The Exploration and Production segment engages in the exploration and production of oil and gas. The Transport and Logistics segment is involved in the transportation of crude oil, motor fuels, fuel oil, and other refined products, including diesel, jet, and biofuels. The Refining and Petrochemicals segment refines and processes crude oil at the Barrancabermeja and Cartagena refineries; and distributes natural gas and LPG. The Electric Power Transmission and Toll Roads Concessions segment supplies electric power transmission and information technology and telecommunications services, as well as designs, develops, constructs, operates, and maintains road and energy infrastructure projects. The company operates in Colombia, rest of South America and others, Asia, the United States, Central America and the Caribbean, and Europe. The company was formerly known as Empresa Colombiana de Petróleos and changed its name to Ecopetrol S.A. in June 2003. Ecopetrol S.A. was incorporated in 1948 and is based in Bogotá, Colombia.;tech
ECG;Everus Construction Group, Inc. provides contracting services in the United States. It operates through two segments, Electrical & Mechanical and Transmission & Distribution. The Electrical & Mechanical segment provides construction and maintenance services of electrical and communication wiring, and infrastructure; fire suppression systems; and mechanical piping and services in public and private sectors. The Transmission & Distribution segment offers construction and maintenance of overhead and underground electrical; and gas and communication infrastructure, as well as design, manufacturing, and distribution of overhead and underground transmission line construction equipment and tools. It serves utilities, manufacturing, transportation, commercial, industrial, institutional, renewables, and governmental customers. The company was incorporated in 2024 and is headquartered in Bismarck, North Dakota.;tech
ECL;Ecolab Inc. provides water, hygiene, and infection prevention solutions and services in the United States and internationally. The company operates through four reportable segments: Global Industrial, Global Institutional & Specialty, Global Healthcare & Life Sciences, and Global Pest Elimination. The Global Industrial segment offers water treatment and process applications, and cleaning and sanitizing solutions to manufacturing, food and beverage processing, transportation, chemical, metals and mining, power generation, refining, pulp and paper, and petrochemical industries. The Global Institutional & Specialty segment provides cleaning and sanitizing products to the foodservice, hospitality, lodging, government and education, and retail industries. The Global Healthcare & Life Sciences segment offers cleaning and sanitizing products, such as infection prevention, and end-to-end cleaning and contamination control solutions to the healthcare, personal care, and pharmaceutical industries under the Ecolab, Bioquell, Purolite, and Anios brand names. The Global Pest Elimination segment provides pest elimination services to detect, prevent, and eliminate pests comprising rodents and insects in full-service and quick-service restaurants, food and beverage processors, hotels, grocery operations, and other commercial segments, including education, life sciences, and healthcare. It sells its products through field sales and corporate account personnel, distributors, and dealers. Ecolab Inc. was founded in 1923 and is headquartered in Saint Paul, Minnesota.;tech
ECVT;Ecovyst Inc. offers specialty catalysts and services in the United States and internationally. The company operates through two segments, Ecoservices and Advanced Materials & Catalysts. The Ecoservices segment provides sulfuric acid recycling services and end-to-end logistics for production of alkylate for refineries; and virgin sulfuric acid for mining, water treatment, and industrial applications. The Advanced Materials & Catalysts segment offers advanced materials and specialty catalyst products and process solutions to producers and licensors of polyethylene. This segment also offers advanced silicas and zeolite catalysts; and supplies specialty zeolites and zeolite-based catalysts to customers for refining of oil primarily hydrocracking catalyst and dewaxing, sustainable fuels, and emission control systems for both on-road and non-road diesel engines. The company was formerly known as PQ Group Holdings Inc. and changed its name to Ecovyst Inc. in August 2021. Ecovyst Inc. was founded in 1831 and is headquartered in Malvern, Pennsylvania.;tech
ED;Consolidated Edison, Inc., through its subsidiaries, engages in the regulated electric, gas, and steam delivery businesses in the United States. The company offers electric services to approximately 3.7 million customers in New York City and Westchester County; gas to approximately 1.1 million customers in Manhattan, the Bronx, parts of Queens, and Westchester County; and steam to approximately 1,520 customers in parts of Manhattan. It also supplies electricity to approximately 0.3 million customers in southeastern New York and northern New Jersey; and gas to approximately 0.1 million customers in southeastern New York. In addition, the company operates 549 circuit miles of transmission lines; 15 transmission substations; 64 distribution substations; 90,755 in-service line transformers; 3,877 pole miles of overhead distribution lines; and 2,405 miles of underground distribution lines, as well as 4,384 miles of mains and 379,888 service lines for natural gas distribution. Further, it invests in electric and gas transmission projects. The company primarily sells electricity to industrial, commercial, residential, and government customers. Consolidated Edison, Inc. was founded in 1823 and is based in New York, New York.;tech
EDD;Morgan Stanley Emerging Markets Domestic Debt Fund, Inc. is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Morgan Stanley Investment Management Inc. The fund invests in fixed income markets of emerging market countries across the globe. It typically invests in government bonds denominated in the local currencies of emerging markets. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the JPMorgan Government Bond Index - Emerging Markets Global Diversified Index. Morgan Stanley Emerging Markets Domestic Debt Fund, Inc. was formed on January 25, 2007 and is domiciled in United States.;tech
EDF;Virtus Stone Harbor Emerging Markets Income Fund is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Stone Harbor Investment Partners LP. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of emerging market countries across the globe. It primarily invests in sovereign debt obligations, corporate debt securities, structured notes, convertible securities, securities issued by supranational organizations, floating rate commercial loans, and securitized loan participations. The fund focuses on factors such as liquidity, volatility, tax implications, interest rate sensitivity, counterparty risks, economic factors, currency exchange rates, and technical market considerations to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolios against the JP Morgan EMBI Global Diversified TR Index, the JPMorgan CEMBI Broad Diversified Index, and the JPMorgan GBI-EM Global Diversified Composite TR Index. Virtus Stone Harbor Emerging Markets Income Fund was formed on December 22, 2010 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
EDN;Empresa Distribuidora y Comercializadora Norte Sociedad Anónima engages in the distribution and sale of electricity in Argentina. Empresa Distribuidora y Comercializadora Norte Sociedad Anónima was formerly known as Empresa Distribuidora Norte Sociedad Anónima and changed its name to Empresa Distribuidora y Comercializadora Norte Sociedad Anónima in January 1997. The company was founded in 1992 and is based in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Empresa Distribuidora y Comercializadora Norte Sociedad Anónima operates as a subsidiary of Empresa de Energía del Cono Sur S.A.;tech
EDU;New Oriental Education & Technology Group Inc. provides private educational services under the New Oriental brand in the People's Republic of China. The company operates through four segments: Educational Services and Test Preparation Courses; Online Education and Other Services; Overseas Study Consulting Services; and Educational Materials and Distribution. It offers test preparation courses to students taking language and entrance exams used by educational institutions in the United States, the Commonwealth countries, and the People's Republic of China. The company also provides non-academic tutoring courses; intelligent learning systems and devices to offer a digital learning experience for students; and overseas studies consulting services. In addition, it offers online education services through the Koolearn.com platform. Further, the company develops and edits educational materials for language training and test preparation. In addition, it offers educational programs, services, and products to students through schools; learning centers; and bookstores, as well as through its online learning platforms. The company was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Beijing, the People's Republic of China.;tech
EE;Excelerate Energy, Inc. provides liquefied natural gas (LNG) solutions worldwide. It offers regasification services, including floating storage and regasification units, infrastructure development, and LNG and natural gas supply. The company was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in The Woodlands, Texas. Excelerate Energy, Inc. is a subsidiary of Excelerate Energy Holdings, LLC.;tech
EEA;The European Equity Fund, Inc. is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched by Deutsche Investment Management Americas Inc. The fund is managed by Deutsche Asset Management International GmbH. It invests in the public equity markets of Europe. The fund seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in equity or equity-linked securities of companies. The fund seeks to benchmark the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI-EMU Index. It was formerly known as Germany Fund Inc. The European Equity Fund, Inc. was formed on July 23, 1986 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
EEX;Emerald Holding, Inc. operates as a business-to-business (B2B) event organizer in the United States. The company provides B2B trade shows and conferences; B2C showcases and a scaled hosted buyer platform; and B2B print publications and digital media products, which provides industry specific business news and information across various sectors. It also offers B2B e-commerce and digital merchandising solutions to manufacturers and retailers through Elastic Suite and Bulletin platforms. Emerald Holding, Inc. was incorporated in 2013 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
EFR;Eaton Vance Senior Floating-Rate Trust is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Eaton Vance Management. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. It primarily invests in senior, secured floating rate loans. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P/LSTA Leveraged Loan Index. Eaton Vance Senior Floating-Rate Trust was formed on November 28, 2003 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
EFT;Eaton Vance Floating-Rate Income Trust is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Eaton Vance Management. The fund invests in fixed income markets of the United States. It invests in fixed income securities operating across diversified sectors. The fund primarily invests in senior, secured floating rate loans. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P/LSTA Leveraged Loan Index. Eaton Vance Floating-Rate Income Trust was formed on June 29, 2004 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
EFX;Equifax Inc. operates as a data, analytics, and technology company. The company operates through three segments: Workforce Solutions, U.S. Information Solutions (USIS), and International. The Workforce Solutions segment offers services that enables customers to verify income, employment, educational history, criminal justice data, healthcare professional licensure, and sanctions of people in the United States; and employer customers with services that that assist them in complying with and automating certain payroll-related and human resource management processes throughout the entire cycle of the employment relationship. The U.S. Information Solutions segment provides consumer and commercial information services, such as credit information and credit scoring, credit modeling and portfolio analytics, locate, fraud detection and prevention, identity verification, and other consulting services; mortgage services; financial marketing services; identity management services; and credit monitoring products. The International segment offers information service products, which include consumer and commercial services, such as credit and financial information, and credit scoring and modeling; and credit and other marketing products and services, as well as offers information, technology, and services to support debt collections and recovery management. It also provides information solutions for businesses, governments and consumers; and human resources business process automation and outsourcing services for employers.It operates in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, Honduras, India, Ireland, Mexico, New Zealand, Paraguay, Peru, Portugal, Spain, the United Kingdom, Uruguay, and the United States. The company was founded in 1899 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
EFXT;Enerflex Ltd. offers energy infrastructure and energy transition solutions in North America, Latin America, and the Eastern Hemisphere. The company's portfolio includes compression, processing, cryogenic, and treated water solutions, spanning all phases of a project's lifecycle, from front-end engineering and design to after-market services; and energy infrastructure portfolio includes energy infrastructure solutions under contract for natural gas processing, compression, and treated water equipment. It also provides contract operations services that includes trained personnel, equipment, tools, materials, and supplies to meet their natural gas needs, as well as designing, sourcing, installing, operating, servicing, repairing, and maintaining equipment. In addition, the company offers after-market services products, such as delivers comprehensive mechanical services to client partners, including parts distribution; operations and maintenance solutions; equipment optimization and maintenance programs; manufacturer warranties; exchange components; long-term service agreements; and technical services, as well as provides contract operations and maintenance services for natural gas facilities. Further, the company involves in the sale of modular natural gas-handling and low-carbon solutions that are engineered, designed, fabricated, and assembled for gas processing, including cryogenic solutions; gas compression systems; CCUS; water treatment; and electric power generation systems, as well as engineers, designs, fabricates, constructs, commissions, operates, and services hydrocarbon processing equipment. Additionally, it provides field construction, installation, and commissioning for an integrated electric power solution, as well as re-engineering and refurbishment services. The company was formerly known as Enerflex Systems Income Fund and changed its name to Enerflex Ltd. in January 2010. Enerflex Ltd. was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in Calgary, Canada.;tech
EG;Everest Group, Ltd., through its subsidiaries, provides reinsurance and insurance products in the United States, Europe, and internationally. It operates in two segment, Insurance and Reinsurance. The company writes property and casualty reinsurance; treaty and facultative reinsurance products; and specialty lines of business through reinsurance brokers, as well as directly with ceding companies; and writes property and casualty insurance directly, as well as through brokers, surplus lines, and general agents. It also provides reinsurance products comprising mortgage, catastrophe, marine, aviation, engineering, professional line, credit and surety, motor, agriculture/crop, and political violence reinsurance products. In addition, the company offers commercial property and casualty insurance products through wholesale and retail brokers, surplus lines brokers, and program administrators. The company was formerly known as Everest Re Group, Ltd. and changed its name to Everest Group, Ltd. in July 2023.Everest Group, Ltd., was founded in 1973 and is headquartered in Hamilton, Bermuda.;tech
EGO;Eldorado Gold Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the mining, exploration, development, and sale of mineral products primarily in Turkey, Canada, and Greece. The company primarily produces gold, as well as silver, lead, and zinc. It holds a 100% interest in the Kisladag and Efemçukuru mines located in Turkey; Lamaque complex located in Quebec, Canada; Olympias located in northern Greece; and Stratoni, Skouries, Perama Hill, and Sapes gold mines located in Greece. The company was formerly known as Eldorado Corporation Ltd. and changed its name to Eldorado Gold Corporation in April 1996. Eldorado Gold Corporation was incorporated in 1996 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.;tech
EGP;EastGroup Properties, Inc. (NYSE: EGP), a member of the S&P Mid-Cap 400 and Russell 2000 Indexes, is a self-administered equity real estate investment trust focused on the development, acquisition and operation of industrial properties in high-growth markets throughout the United States with an emphasis in the states of Texas, Florida, California, Arizona and North Carolina. The Company's goal is to maximize shareholder value by being a leading provider in its markets of functional, flexible and quality business distribution space for location sensitive customers (primarily in the 20,000 to 100,000 square foot range). The Company's strategy for growth is based on ownership of premier distribution facilities generally clustered near major transportation features in supply-constrained submarkets. The Company's portfolio, including development projects and value-add acquisitions in lease-up and under construction, currently includes approximately 63.9 million square feet.;tech
EGY;VAALCO Energy, Inc., an independent energy company, engages in the acquisition, exploration, development, and production of crude oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids in Gabon, Egypt, Equatorial Guinea, Cote d'Ivoire, and Canada. It holds 58.8% interest in the Etame production sharing contract related to the Etame Marin block covering an area of approximately 46,200 gross acres located offshore in the Republic of Gabon in West Africa. The company also holds 100% interest in the Eastern Desert, which contains West Gharib, West Bakr, and North West Gharib merged concessions covering as area of approximately 45,067 acres, as well as Western Desert, which contains the South Ghazalat concession covering as area of approximately 7,340 acres located in Egypt. In addition, it holds 27.4% non-operated working interest in CI-40 in the deepwater producing Baobab field in Block CI-40, offshore Cote d'Ivoire in West Africa. Further, the company owns production and working interests in Cardium light oil and Mannville liquids-rich gas assets covering as area of 49,100 gross acres of developed land and 28,900 gross acres of undeveloped land located near the north of Calgary, Alberta; and a 60% working interest in an undeveloped portion of block P offshore Equatorial Guinea. VAALCO Energy, Inc. was incorporated in 1985 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
EHAB;Enhabit, Inc. provides home health and hospice services in the United States. The company's home health services include patient education, pain management, wound care and dressing changes, cardiac rehabilitation, infusion therapy, pharmaceutical administration, and skilled observation and assessment services; practices to treat chronic diseases and conditions, including diabetes, hypertension, arthritis, Alzheimer's disease, low vision, spinal stenosis, Parkinson's disease, osteoporosis, complex wound care and chronic pain, along with disease-specific plans for patients with diabetes, congestive heart failure, post-orthopedic surgery, or injury and respiratory diseases; and physical, occupational and speech therapists provide therapy services. It also provides hospice services, including pain and symptom management, palliative and dietary counseling, social worker visits, spiritual counseling, and bereavement counseling services to meet the individual physical, emotional, spiritual, and psychosocial needs of terminally ill patients and their families. The company was formerly known as Encompass Health Home Health Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to Enhabit, Inc. in March 2022. Enhabit, Inc. was founded in 1998 and is based in Dallas, Texas.;tech
EHI;Western Asset Global High Income Fund Inc is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Legg Mason Partners Fund Advisor, LLC. The fund is co-managed by Western Asset Management Company, Western Asset Management Company Limited, and Western Asset Management Company Pte. Ltd. It invests in the fixed income markets across the globe. The fund invests in undervalued bonds of companies operating across diversified sectors. It seeks to invest in a portfolio of below investment grade fixed income securities, emerging market fixed income securities and investment grade fixed income securities. The fund employs quantitative analysis to build its portfolio. It invests in fixed income securities with an average credit quality of BB as per S&P and an average duration of 3.8 years. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Capital U.S. Aggregate Index, the Barclays Capital U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Cap Index, and the JPMorgan Emerging Markets Bond Index Global. It was formerly known as Salomon Brothers Global High Income Fund Inc. Western Asset Global High Income Fund Inc was formed on July 28, 2003 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
EIX;Edison International, through its subsidiaries, engages in the generation and distribution of electric power. The company supplies and delivers through its electrical infrastructure to an approximately 50,000 square-mile area of southern California. It serves residential, commercial, industrial, public authorities, agricultural, and other sectors. The company's distribution network consists of approximately 13,000 circuit-miles of lines ranging from 55 kV to 500 kV and approximately 80 transmission substations; and approximately 38,000 circuit-miles of overhead lines, approximately 32,000 circuit-miles of underground lines, and approximately 730 distribution substations. Edison International was founded in 1886 and is based in Rosemead, California.;tech
EL;The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. manufactures, markets, and sells skin care, makeup, fragrance, and hair care products worldwide. The company offers skin care products, including moisturizers, serums, cleansers, toners, eye care, body care, exfoliators, acne care and oil correctors, facial masks, and sun care products; and makeup products, such as foundations, powders, concealers and setting sprays, lipsticks, lip liners and lip glosses, mascaras, and eyeshadows and eyeliners, as well as compacts, brushes, and other makeup tools. It also provides fragrance products in various forms comprising parfum, eau de parfum, eau de toilette, eau de cologne, and body spray, as well as lotions, creams, powders, candles and soaps; and hair care products, including shampoos, conditioners, styling products, treatment, finishing sprays, and hair color products, as well as sells ancillary products and services. The company offers its products under the La Mer, Jo Malone London, TOM FORD, AERIN Beauty, Le Labo, Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle, KILIAN PARIS, BALMAIN Beauty, Estée Lauder, Clinique, M·A·C, The Ordinary, Aveda, obbi Brown Cosmetics, Too Faced, Dr.Jart+, Bumble and bumble, Editions de Parfums Frédéric Malle, Smashbox, Darphin Paris, Lab Series, NIOD, Aramis, and GLAMGLOW brands. It sells its products through department stores, duty-free retailers, specialty multi retailers, online pure players, upscale perfumeries and pharmacies, and top-tier salons and spas, as well as direct-to-consumer business across freestanding stores, and brands' websites and third-party online platforms. The Estée Lauder Companies Inc. was founded in 1946 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
ELAN;Elanco Animal Health Incorporated, an animal health company, innovates, develops, manufactures, and markets products for pets and farm animals worldwide. It offers pet health products, such as parasiticides, vaccines, and therapeutics that protect pets from fleas, ticks, and internal parasites under the Seresto, K-9 Advantage, Advantix, and Advocate trademarks; prescription parasiticide products, an over-the-counter treatments for the prevention and elimination of fleas and ticks under the Credelio, Credelio Cat, Credelio Plus, Interceptor Plus, Doncit, Drontal, Drontal Plus, and Trifexis trademarks; vaccines portfolio that provides differentiated prevention coverage for a number of important pet health risks; and therapeutics portfolio for the treatment of pain, otitis, cardiovascular, and dermatology indications, as well as osteoarthritis for dogs and cats under the Galliprant trademark. The company also provides farm animal products that help farmers improve animal health and wellbeing, and raise livestock, such as cattle, swine, and poultry. In addition, it offers medicated feed additives, injectable antibiotics, vaccines, insecticides and enzymes, and others under the Rumensin, Baytril, and Experior trademarks for cattle; and under the Maxiban and Monteban trademarks for the control and prevention of intestinal disease in poultry. Further, the company offers other pet health products for cats and dogs under the Atopica, Milbemax, Onsior, and TruCan trademarks; and other farm animal products for poultry, cattle, and swine under the AviPro, Catosal, Denagard, Hemicell, Pulmotil, and Surmax tradmarks. It sells its products to third-party distributors and independent retailers; and directly to farm animal producers and veterinarians. Elanco Animal Health Incorporated was founded in 1954 and is headquartered in Greenfield, Indiana.;tech
ELF;e.l.f. Beauty, Inc., a beauty company, provides cosmetics and skin care products worldwide. The company offers eye, lip, face, paw, and skin care products. It offers products under the e.l.f. Cosmetics, e.l.f. Skin, Well People, Naturium, and Keys Soulcare brand names. The company sells its products through national and international retailer and direct-to-consumer through its e-commerce channel. e.l.f. Beauty, Inc. was formerly known as J.A. Cosmetics Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to e.l.f. Beauty, Inc. in April 2016. The company was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Oakland, California.;tech
ELV;Elevance Health, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a health benefits company in the United States. It operates in four segments: Health Benefits, CarelonRx, Carelon Services, and Corporate & Other. The company offers a variety of health plans and services to individual, employer group risk-based and fee-based, BlueCard, Medicare, Medicaid, and FEP members; health products; a broad array of fee-based administrative managed care services; and specialty and other insurance products and services, such as stop loss, dental, vision, and supplemental health insurance benefits. It also operates in the pharmacy services business; and markets and offers pharmacy services, including home delivery and specialty pharmacies, claims adjudication, formulary management, pharmacy networks, rebate administration, a prescription drug database, and member services, as well as infusion services and injectable therapies through ambulatory infusion centers. In addition, the company provides healthcare related services and capabilities, including specialty care enablement and utilization management support for specialized clinical domains; behavioral health and comprehensive care management services; palliative care services and management; virtual care; and payment integrity, subrogation, clinical data exchange through its HealthOS platform, research and data, reporting and clinical analytics, information technology, and business process support services, as well as manages home health, post-acute institutional management, and durable medical equipment costs; and supports plans in managing home and community-based services. It provides its services under the Anthem Blue Cross and Blue Shield, Wellpoint, and Carelon brands. The company was formerly known as Anthem, Inc. and changed its name to Elevance Health, Inc. in June 2022. Elevance Health, Inc. was incorporated in 2001 and is headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana.;tech
EMA;Emera Incorporated, an energy and services company, invests in generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity in the United States, Canada, Barbados, and the Bahamas. The company operates through Florida Electric Utility, Canadian Electric Utilities, Gas Utilities and Infrastructure, Other Electric Utilities, and Other segments. It is also involved in the purchase, transmission, distribution, and sale of natural gas; and physical energy marketing, trading, and other energy asset management activities. The company was incorporated in 1998 and is headquartered in Halifax, Canada.;tech
EMD;Western Asset Emerging Markets Debt Fund Inc. is an open ended fixed-income mutual fund launched and managed by Legg Mason Partners Fund Advisor, LLC. It is co-managed by Western Asset Management Company, Western Asset Management Company Limited and Western Asset Management Company Pte. Ltd. The fund invests in fixed income markets of emerging market countries across the globe. It seeks to invest in fixed income securities issued by governments, government-related entities, and corporations which are of any maturity and quality. The fund employs fundamental analysis along with a top-down security picking approach focusing on factors like currency, inflation and interest rate trends, growth rate forecasts, liquidity of markets for that country's debt, political outlook, tax environment to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the JPMorgan Emerging Markets Bond Index Global. The fund was formerly known as Salomon Brothers Emerging Markets Debt Fund Inc. Western Asset Emerging Markets Debt Fund Inc. was formed on December 1, 2003 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
EME;EMCOR Group, Inc. provides electrical and mechanical construction and facilities, building, and industrial services in the United States and the United Kingdom. It offers design, integration, installation, startup, operation, and maintenance services related to power transmission, distribution, and generation systems; energy solutions; premises electrical and lighting systems; process instrumentation; low-voltage systems; voice and data communications systems; roadway and transit lighting, signaling, and fiber optic lines; computerized traffic control systems, and signal and communication equipment; heating, ventilation, air conditioning, refrigeration, and geothermal solutions; clean-room process ventilation systems; fire protection and suppression systems; plumbing, process, and piping systems; control and filtration systems; water and wastewater treatment systems; central plant heating and cooling systems; crane and rigging; millwright; and steel fabrication, erection, and welding services. The company also provides site-based operations and maintenance; facility management and maintenance; energy retrofit; military base operations support; indoor air quality; floor care and janitorial; landscaping, lot sweeping, and snow removal; vendor management and call center; installation and support for building systems; program development, management, and maintenance for energy systems; technical consulting and diagnostic; infrastructure and building projects; modification and retrofit projects; and reception, security, and catering services. In addition, it offers refinery turnaround planning and engineering; welding; overhaul and maintenance; technical; instrumentation, controls, and electrical; electrical panel design, fabrication, and installation; on-site repair and maintenance; and renewable energy services, as well as design, manufacturing, repair, and hydro blast cleaning services. The company was incorporated in 1987 and is headquartered in Norwalk, Connecticut.;tech
EMF;Templeton Emerging Markets Fund is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched by Franklin Resources Inc. The fund is managed by Templeton Asset Management Ltd. It invests in the public equity markets of emerging market countries across the globe. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in value stocks of companies. The fund employs fundamental analysis with a focus on such factors as long-term earnings, asset value, and cash flow potential to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI Emerging Markets Index. Templeton Emerging Markets Fund was formed on February 26, 1987 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
EMN;Eastman Chemical Company operates as a specialty materials company in the United States, China, and internationally. The company's Additives & Functional Products segment offers amine derivative-based building blocks, intermediates for surfactants, metam-based soil fumigants, and organic acid-based solutions; specialty coalescent and solvents, paint additives, and specialty polymers; and heat transfer and aviation fluids. It serves transportation, personal care, wellness, food, feed, agriculture, building and construction, water treatment, energy, consumables, durables, and electronics markets. Its Advanced Materials segment provides copolyesters, cellulosic biopolymers, polyvinyl butyral sheets, polyester films and window and protective films for value-added end uses in the transportation, durables, electronics, building and construction, medical and pharma, and consumables end-markets. The company's Chemical Intermediates segment offers olefin and acetyl derivatives, ethylene, and commodity solvents; and primary non-phthalate and phthalate plasticizers, and niche non-phthalate plasticizers for industrial chemicals and processing, building and construction, health and wellness, and food and feed. Its Fibers segment provides cellulose acetate tow, triacetin, cellulose acetate flake, acetic acid, and acetic anhydride for use in filtration media primarily cigarette filters; natural and solution dyed acetate yarns, and staple fiber for use in consumables, and health and wellness markets; and wet-laid nonwoven media, specialty and engineered papers, and cellulose acetate fibers for transportation, industrial, agriculture and mining, and aerospace markets. The company was founded in 1920 and is headquartered in Kingsport, Tennessee.;tech
EMO;ClearBridge Energy MLP Opportunity Fund Inc. is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Legg Mason Partners Fund Advisor, LLC. It is co-managed by ClearBridge Investments, LLC. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating in the energy sector. The fund primarily invests in equity securities of MLPs with operations in crude oil, natural gas liquids, and refined products infrastructure. It seeks to invest in companies with long-lived assets, predictable cash flows, and relatively low direct commodity exposure to create its portfolio. ClearBridge Energy MLP Opportunity Fund Inc. was formed on April 5, 2011 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
EMO.V;Emerita Resources Corp., through its subsidiary, acquires, explores, and develops mineral properties in Spain. It primarily explores for gold, silver, zinc, lead, and copper deposits. The company's Iberian Belt West Project which consists of one exploration permit in southwestern Spain. The company is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.;tech
EMR;Emerson Electric Co., a technology and software company, provides various solutions in the Americas, Asia, the Middle East, Africa, and Europe. It operates through segments: Final Control, Measurement & Analytical, Discrete Automation, Safety & Productivity, Control Systems & Software, and Test & Measurement. It provides control, isolation, shutoff, pressure relief, and pressure safety valves, actuators, and regulators for process and hybrid industries. The company also offers intelligent instrumentation measuring the physical properties of liquids or gases, such as pressure, temperature, level, flow, acoustics, corrosion, pH, conductivity, water quality, toxic gases, and flame. In addition, it offers solenoid and pneumatic valves, valve position indicators, pneumatic cylinders, actuators, air preparation equipment, pressure and temperature switches, electric linear motion solutions, programmable automation control systems, electrical distribution equipment, and materials joining solutions. Further, it provides tools for professionals and homeowners; pipe-working tools, including pipe wrenches, pipe cutters, pipe threading and roll grooving equipment, battery hydraulic tools; electrical tools; and other professional tools. Additionally, the company provides control systems, safety instrumented systems, SCADA systems, application software, digital twins, asset performance management, and cybersecurity; and provides software-connected automated test and measurement systems, as well as provides asset optimization software that enables industrial manufacturers to design, operate, and maintain operations for enhancing performance through a combination of decades of modeling, simulation, and optimization capabilities. The company was incorporated in 1890 and is based in Saint Louis, Missouri.;tech
ENB;Enbridge Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an energy infrastructure company. The company operates through four segments: Liquids Pipelines, Gas Transmission, Gas Distribution and Storage, and Renewable Power Generation. The Liquids Pipelines segment operates pipelines and related terminals to transport various grades of crude oil and other liquid hydrocarbons in Canada and the United States. This segment also provides physical commodity marketing and logistical services, and crude oil marketing services. The Gas Transmission and Midstream segment invests in natural gas pipelines and gathering and processing facilities in Canada and the United States. The Gas Distribution and Storage segment is involved in natural gas utility operations serving residential, commercial, and industrial customers in Ontario, as well as natural gas distribution activities in Quebec. The Renewable Power Generation segment operates wind, solar, geothermal, waste heat recovery, and transmission assets in North America. The company was formerly known as IPL Energy Inc. and changed its name to Enbridge Inc. in October 1998. Enbridge Inc. was founded in 1949 and is headquartered in Calgary, Canada.;tech
ENFY;Enlightify Inc., through its subsidiaries, engages in the research, development, production, and sale of fertilizers, agricultural products in the People's Republic of China and the United States. The company operates through Jinong (Fertilizer Production); Gufeng (Fertilizer Production); Yuxing (Agricultural Products Production); and Antaeus (Bitcoin) segments. It also offers humic acid-based compound, blended, organic compound, slow-release, concentrated water-soluble, and mixed organic-inorganic compound fertilizers. In addition, the company develops, produces, and distributes agricultural products, such as fruits, vegetables, flowers, and colored seedlings, as well as sells bitcoins. China Green Agriculture, Inc. markets its fertilizer products to private wholesalers and retailers of agricultural farm products. It also sells its decorative flowers to end-users, such as flower shops, luxury hotels, and government agencies; fruits and vegetables to supermarkets and upscale restaurants; and seedlings to city planning departments. The company operates distributors covering provinces, autonomous regions, and central government-controlled municipalities in China. It exports its products through contracted distributors to various countries, including India and Africa. The company formerly known as China Green Agriculture, Inc. and changed its name to Enlightify Inc. in November 2024. Enlightify Inc. was incorporated in 1987 and is based in Xi'an, the People's Republic of China.;tech
ENIC;Enel Chile S.A., an electricity utility company, engages in the generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity in Chile. The company operates through Generation, and Distribution and Networks Segments. It is involved in generating electricity through hydroelectric, wind, photovoltaic, and geothermal energy plant; production and transport of electrical energy; distributes liquid fuels and gas. The company was formerly known as Enersis Chile S.A. and changed its name to Enel Chile S.A. in October 2016. Enel Chile S.A. was incorporated in 2016 and is headquartered in Santiago, Chile. Enel Chile S.A. operates as a subsidiary of Enel S.p.A;tech
ENOV;Enovis Corporation operates as a medical technology company focus on developing clinically differentiated solutions in the United States and internationally. It operates through two segments: Prevention and Recovery, and Reconstructive segments. The company's Prevention and Recovery segment offers orthopedic solutions and recovery sciences including rigid and soft orthopedic bracing, hot and cold therapy, bone growth stimulators, vascular therapy systems and compression garments, therapeutic shoes and inserts, electrical stimulators management, and physical therapy products which are used by orthopedic specialists, surgeons, primary care physicians, pain management specialists, physical therapists, podiatrists, chiropractors, athletic trainers, and other healthcare professionals. Its Reconstructive segment operates surgical implant business, which includes a suite of reconstructive joint products for the hip, knee, shoulder, elbow, foot, ankle, and finger, as well as surgical productivity tools. It also manufactures and distributes medical devices which are used for reconstructive surgery, rehabilitation, pain management, and physical therapy. It distributes its products through independent distributors and directly under the ESAB and DJO brands. The company was formerly known as Colfax Corporation. Enovis Corporation was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware.;tech
ENR;Energizer Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures, markets, and distributes household batteries, specialty batteries, and lighting products worldwide. It offers lithium, alkaline, carbon zinc, nickel metal hydride, zinc air, and silver oxide batteries under the Energizer, Eveready, and Rayovac brands; primary, rechargeable, specialty, and hearing aid batteries; and handheld, headlights, lanterns, and area lights, as well as flashlights under the Hard Case, Dolphin, and WeatherReady brands. The company licenses the Energizer, Rayovac, and Eveready brands to companies developing consumer solutions in solar, automotive batteries, portable power for critical devices, generators, power tools, household light bulbs, and other lighting products. In addition, it designs and markets automotive fragrance and appearance products, including protectants, wipes, tire and wheel care products, glass cleaners, leather care products, air fresheners, and washes to clean, shine, refresh, and protect interior and exterior automobile surfaces under the Armor All, Nu Finish, Refresh Your Car!, LEXOL, Eagle One, NEVR-DULL, California Scents, Driven, Bahama & Co, Carnu, Grand Prix, Kit, Tempo, and Centralsul brands; STP branded fuel and oil additives, functional fluids, and other performance chemical products; and do-it-yourself automotive air conditioning recharge products under the A/C PRO brand, as well as other refrigerant and recharge kits, sealants, and accessories. The company sells its products through direct sales force, distributors, and wholesalers; and various retail and business-to-business channels, including mass merchandisers, club, electronics, food, home improvement, dollar store, auto, drug, hardware, e-commerce, convenience, sporting goods, hobby/craft, office, industrial, medical, and catalog. Energizer Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in 2015 and is headquartered in Saint Louis, Missouri.;tech
ENS;EnerSys engages in the provision of stored energy solutions for industrial applications worldwide. The company operates in four segments: Energy Systems, Motive Power, Specialty, and New Ventures. The Energy Systems segment offers uninterruptible power systems (UPS) applications for computer and computer-controlled systems, as well as telecommunications systems; switchgear and electrical control systems used in industrial facilities and electric utilities, large-scale energy storage, and energy pipelines; integrated power solutions and services to broadband, telecom, data center, and renewable and industrial customers; and thermally managed cabinets and enclosures for electronic equipment and batteries. The Motive Power segment provides power solutions for electric industrial forklifts, automated guided vehicles used in manufacturing, warehousing operations as well as equipment used in floor care, mining, rail and airport ground support applications. The Specialty offers starting, lighting, and ignition applications in transportation, energy solutions for satellites, spacecraft, commercial aircraft, military, aircraft, submarines, ships, other tactical vehicles, defense applications and portable power solutions for soldiers in the field, as well as medical devices and equipment. The New Venture segment provides energy storage and management systems for demand charge reduction, utility back-up power, and dynamic fast charging for electric vehicles. It also offers battery chargers, power equipment, battery accessories, and outdoor cabinet enclosures, as well as related after-market and customer-support services for industrial batteries. It sells its products through a network of distributors, independent representatives, and internal sales forces. The company was formerly known as Yuasa, Inc. and changed its name to EnerSys in January 2001. EnerSys was founded in 1991 and is headquartered in Reading, Pennsylvania.;tech
ENVA;Enova International, Inc., a technology and analytics company, provides online financial services in the United States, Brazil, and internationally. The company provides installment loans; line of credit accounts; CSO programs, including arranging loans with independent third-party lenders and assisting in the preparation of loan applications and loan documents; and bank programs, such as marketing services and loan servicing for near-prime unsecured consumer installment loan. It offers money transfer services. It markets its financing products under the CashNetUSA, NetCredit, OnDeck, Headway Capital, Simplic, and Pangea names. The company was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
EOI;Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Eaton Vance Management. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in the stocks of large-cap and mid-cap companies with a focus on investing in companies with above average growth and financial condition against valuation in selecting individual securities. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against S&P 500 Index. Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund was formed on October 29, 2004 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
EOS;Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Eaton Vance Management. The fund invests in public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund primarily invests in growth stocks of mid-cap and large-cap companies. It generates current earnings from option premiums by selling covered call options on a substantial portion of its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Russell 1000 Growth Index, the CBOE S&P 500 BuyWrite Index, and the CBOE NASDAQ-100 BuyWrite Index. Eaton Vance Enhanced Equity Income Fund II was formed on January 31, 2005 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
EPAC;Enerpac Tool Group Corp. manufactures and sells a range of industrial products and solutions in the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, Australia, Canada, China, Saudi Arabia, Brazil, France, and internationally. It operates through Industrial Tools & Services and Other segments. The Industrial Tools & Services segment designs, manufactures, and distributes branded hydraulic and mechanical tools; and provides services and tool rentals to the infrastructure, industrial maintenance, repair and operations, oil and gas, mining, alternative and renewable energy, civil construction, and other markets. It also offers branded tools, cylinders, pumps, hydraulic torque wrenches, highly engineered heavy lifting technology solutions, and other tools; and maintenance and manpower services; high-force hydraulic and mechanical tools, including cylinders, pumps, valves, bolt tensioners, specialty tools and other miscellaneous products. This segment markets its branded tools and services primarily under the ENERPAC, HYDRATIGHT, LARZEP & DESIGN, and SIMPLEX brands. The Other segment develops a full-service biomedical textile product. The company was formerly known as Actuant Corporation and changed its name to Enerpac Tool Group Corp. in January 2020. Enerpac Tool Group Corp. was incorporated in 1910 and is headquartered in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin.;tech
EPAM;EPAM Systems, Inc. provides digital platform engineering and software development services worldwide. The company offers engineering services, including requirements analysis and platform selection, customization, cross-platform migration, implementation, and integration; cloud services for creating a roadmap to set and refine IT and business goals while identifying new and emerging cloud opportunities; data, analytics and artificial intelligence; customer experience design; and cybersecurity. It also offers operation solutions comprising integrated engineering practices and smart automation services. In addition, the company offers software product and platform development services, which comprise product research, customer experience design and prototyping, program management, component design and integration, full lifecycle software testing, product deployment and end-user customization, performance tuning, product support and maintenance, managed services, as well as cross-platform migration and modernizing legacy platforms. The company serves the financial services; consumer goods, retail and travel; software and Hi-tech; business information and media, life sciences and healthcare; and emerging verticals industries EPAM Systems, Inc. was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Newtown, Pennsylvania.;tech
EPC;Edgewell Personal Care Company, together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and markets personal care products worldwide. It operates through three segments: Wet Shave, Sun and Skin Care, and Feminine Care. The Wet Shave segment provides razor systems, such as razor handles and refillable blades, and disposable shave products for men and women under the Schick and Wilkinson Sword brands; and shave preparation products, including shaving gels and shaving creams under the Edge, Skintimate, Billie, Shave Guard brands. This segment also manufactures and sells private label and disposable razors, shaving systems, and replacement blades. The Sun and Skin Care segment provides general protection, sport, kids, baby, tanning, and after sun products under the Banana Boat and Hawaiian Tropic brands; antibacterial hand wipes and other related products under the Wet Ones brand; skin care products for men under the Bulldog and Jack Black brands; and beard, hair, and skin care products under the Cremo brand. The Feminine Care segment provides tampons under the Playtex Gentle Glide 360°, Playtex Sport, Playtex, and o.b. brands; and markets pads and liners under the Stayfree and Carefree brands. The company distributes its products through direct sales force, exclusive and non-exclusive distributors, and wholesalers. The company was formerly known as Energizer Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to Edgewell Personal Care Company in June 2015. Edgewell Personal Care Company was founded in 1772 and is headquartered in Shelton, Connecticut.;tech
EPD;Enterprise Products Partners L.P. provides midstream energy services to producers and consumers of natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), crude oil, petrochemicals, and refined products. It operates in four segments: NGL Pipelines & Services, Crude Oil Pipelines & Services, Natural Gas Pipelines & Services, and Petrochemical & Refined Products Services. The NGL Pipelines & Services segment offers natural gas processing and related NGL marketing activities. This segment operates natural gas processing facilities located in Colorado, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, Texas, and Wyoming; NGL pipelines; NGL fractionation facilities; NGL and related product storage facilities; and NGL marine terminals. The Crude Oil Pipelines & Services segment operates crude oil pipelines; and crude oil storage and marine terminals, which include a fleet of approximately 225 tractor-trailer tank trucks that are used to transport crude oil. It also engages in crude oil marketing activities. The Natural Gas Pipelines & Services segment operates natural gas pipeline systems to gather, treat, and transport natural gas. It leases underground salt dome natural gas storage facilities in Napoleonville, Louisiana; owns an underground salt dome storage cavern in Wharton County, Texas; and transports, stores, and markets natural gas. The Petrochemical & Refined Products Services segment operates propylene fractionation facilities, including propylene fractionation units and propane dehydrogenation facilities, and related marketing activities; butane isomerization complex and related deisobutanizer operations; and octane enhancement, isobutane dehydrogenation, and high purity isobutylene production facilities. It also operates refined products pipelines and terminals; and ethylene export terminals; and provides refined products marketing and marine transportation services. Enterprise Products Partners L.P. was founded in 1968 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
EPRT;Essential Properties Realty Trust, Inc., a real estate company, acquires, owns, and manages single-tenant properties in the United States. The company leases its properties to middle-market companies, such as restaurants, car washes, automotive services, medical and dental services, convenience stores, equipment rental, entertainment, early childhood education, grocery, and health and fitness on a long-term basis. As of December 31, 2021, it had a portfolio of 1, 451 properties. The company qualifies as a real estate investment trust for federal income tax purposes. It generally would not be subject to federal corporate income taxes if it distributes at least 90% of its taxable income to its stockholders. The company was founded in 2016 and is headquartered in Princeton, New Jersey.;tech
EQBK;Equity Bancshares, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for Equity Bank that provides a range of banking, mortgage banking, and financial services to individual and corporate customers. The company accepts demand, savings, money market, and time deposits. Its loan products include commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, commercial lines of credit, working capital, term, equipment and aircraft financing, acquisition, expansion and development, borrowing base, real estate construction, government guaranteed, letter of credit, and other loan products. The company also provides loans for 1  4 family residential mortgages, agricultural, consumer, residential real estate mortgage, and agricultural real estate and production loans. In addition, it offers debit and credit cards; insurance brokerage; trust and wealth management; online banking solutions, such as access to account balances, online transfers, online bill payment, and electronic delivery of customer statements; mobile banking solutions comprising remote check deposits with mobile bill pay; night depository; direct deposit; cashier's and travelers checks; letters of credit; and ITMs and ATMs. Further, the company provides cash management deposit products, such as lockbox, remote deposit capture, positive pay, reverse positive pay, account reconciliation services, zero balance accounts, and sweep accounts; and banking services through telephone, mail, and personal appointments. Additionally, it offers treasury management services, including balance reporting, transfers between accounts, wire transfer initiation, automated clearing house origination, and stop payments. The company operates in Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri, and Oklahoma. Equity Bancshares, Inc. was founded in 1985 and is headquartered in Wichita, Kansas.;tech
EQH;Equitable Holdings, Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries, operates as a diversified financial services company worldwide. The company operates through six segments: Individual Retirement, Group Retirement, Asset Management, Protection Solutions, Wealth Management, and Legacy. The Individual Retirement variable annuity products, including structured capital strategies, retirement cornerstone, and investment edge primarily to affluent and high net worth individuals. The Group Retirement provides tax-deferred investment and retirement services or products to plans sponsored by educational entities, municipalities, and not-for-profit entities, as well as small and medium-sized businesses. It offers guaranteed and structured investment option, and personal income benefit variable annuity products and open architecture mutual fund platform. The Asset Management segment offers investment management and related services to various clients through institutions, retail, and private wealth management. The Protection Solutions segment provides life insurance products, such as VUL and COLI insurance, IUL insurance, and term life; and employee benefits business which includes group life, supplemental life, dental, vision, short-term disability, long-term disability, critical illness, accident and hospital indemnity insurance products to small and medium-sized businesses. The Wealth Management segment offers discretionary and non-discretionary investment advisory accounts, financial planning and advice, life insurance, and annuity products. The Legacy segment consists of the capital intensive fixed-rate GMxB business that includes ROP death benefits. The company was formerly known as AXA Equitable Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to Equitable Holdings, Inc. in January 2020. Equitable Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1859 and is based in New York, New York.;tech
EQNR;Equinor ASA, an energy company, engages in the exploration, production, transportation, refining, and marketing of petroleum and other forms of energy in Norway and internationally. It operates through Exploration & Production Norway; Exploration & Production International; Exploration & Production USA; Marketing, Midstream & Processing; Renewables; and Other segments. The company develops carbon capture and storage projects; provides transportation solutions, including pipelines, shipping, trucking, and rail; and develops and explores for renewable energy, such as offshore wind, green hydrogen, and solar power. The company was formerly known as Statoil ASA and changed its name to Equinor ASA in May 2018. Equinor ASA was incorporated in 1972 and is headquartered in Stavanger, Norway.;tech
EQR;Equity Residential is committed to creating communities where people thrive. The Company, a member of the S&P 500, is focused on the acquisition, development and management of residential properties located in and around dynamic cities that attract affluent long-term renters. Equity Residential owns or has investments in 317 properties consisting of 85,936 apartment units, with an established presence in Boston, New York, Washington, D.C., Seattle, San Francisco and Southern California, and an expanding presence in Denver, Atlanta, Dallas/Ft. Worth and Austin.;tech
EQS;Equus Total Return, Inc. is a business development company (BDC) specializing in leveraged buyouts, management buyouts, corporate partnerships/joint ventures, growth and expansion capital, acquisition financing, roll-up acquisition strategies, operational turnarounds, recapitalizations of existing businesses, special situations, equity and equity-oriented securities issued by privately owned companies, debt securities including subordinate debt, debt convertible into common or preferred stock, or debt combined with warrants and common and preferred stock, and preferred equity financing. It invests in middle market companies and acts as a lead investor. It invests in technology, telecommunication, financial services, natural resource and industrial manufacturing and services. It invests in companies engaged in the alternative energy, real estate, healthcare, education, e-learning, leisure and entertainment, and foreign investment sector in the United States, China, India, and Europe. It investments include common and preferred stock, debt convertible into common or preferred stock, debt combined with warrants and options, and other rights to acquire common or preferred stock. It seeks to invest in companies between $1 million and $25 million with revenues between $5 million and $150 million with EBITDA between $2 million and $50 million. It seeks to take control and non-control equity positions. Equus Total Return, Inc. was founded in 1991 and is based in Houston, Texas with additional office in Vancouver, Canada.;tech
ERJ;Embraer S.A., together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, manufactures, and sells aircraft and systems worldwide. It operates through Commercial Aviation; Defense & Security; Executive Aviation; Services & Support; and Other segments. The Commercial Aviation segment develops, produces, and sells commercial jets. Its Defense & Security segment develops and produces military aircraft and radars; and is involved in research and development of software and integrated information systems, communications, border monitoring and surveillance, space systems/satellites, and aircraft modernization services and services support, as well as command, control, communications, computer, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance systems. The Executive Aviation segment develops, produces, and sells executive jets. Its Service & Support segment provides field and technical support, flight operations solutions, aircraft modification, materials management, maintenance solutions, and training programs. The Other segment engages in the supply of structural parts and hydraulic systems; production of agricultural crop-spraying aircraft; development and certification of eVTOLs; creation of a maintenance and service network, and air traffic control system for eVTOLs; development and manufacture of electrical propulsion systems; cybersecurity; and software and technical products. Additionally, the company is involved in leasing of used aircraft; pilot, mechanic, and crew training; engineering services; retail trade, maintenance, and repair of computer products; information technology consulting, data processing, application service providers, and internet hosting; and fabrication of aircraft interiors. The company was formerly known as Embraer-Empresa Brasileira de Aeronáutica S.A. and changed its name to Embraer S.A. in November 2010. Embraer S.A. was incorporated in 1969 and is headquartered in São Paulo, Brazil.;tech
ERO;Ero Copper Corp. engages in the exploration, development, and production of mining projects in Brazil. Its flagship asset includes Caraíba operations that comprise the production and sale of copper concentrates located in northeastern Bahia State, Brazil, as well as gold and silver produced and sold as by-products. The company was incorporated in 2016 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.;tech
ESAB;ESAB Corporation engages in the formulation, development, manufacture, and supply of consumable products and equipment for use in cutting, joining, automated welding, and gas control equipment. Its comprehensive range of welding consumables includes electrodes, cored and solid wires, and fluxes using a range of specialty and other materials; and cutting consumables comprising electrodes, nozzles, shields, and tips. The company's equipment ranges from portable welding machines to large customized automated cutting and welding systems. It also offers a range of software and digital solutions to help its customers increase their productivity, remotely monitor their welding operations, and digitize their documentation. The company sells its products under the ESAB brand to various end markets, such as general industry, infrastructure, renewable energy, medical and life sciences, transportation, construction, and energy. It offers its products through independent distributors and direct salespeople. It operates in North America, South America, Europe, the Middle East, India, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. ESAB Corporation was founded in 1904 and is headquartered in North Bethesda, Maryland.;tech
ESE;ESCO Technologies Inc. provides engineered filtration and fluid control products, and integrated propulsion systems. Its Aerospace & Defense segment provides filtration products, such as hydraulic filter elements and fluid control devices used in commercial aerospace; filter mechanisms used in micro-propulsion devices for satellites; custom designed filters for manned aircraft and submarines; elastomeric-based signature reduction solutions for U.S. naval vessels; and mission-critical bushings, pins, sleeves, and precision-tolerance machined components for landing gear, rotor heads, engine mounts, flight controls, and actuation systems for aerospace and defense industries. The company's Utility Solutions Group segment offers diagnostic testing solutions that enable electric power grid operators to assess the integrity of high-voltage power delivery equipment; and decision support tools for the renewable energy industry. Its RF Test & Measurement segment provides products and systems to measure and control RF and acoustic energy for research and development, regulatory compliance, and medical and security applications; and turnkey systems, such as RF test facilities and measurement systems, acoustic test enclosures, RF and magnetically shielded rooms, and secure communication facilities. This segment also supplies RF absorptive materials, filters, antennas, field probes, test cells, proprietary measurement software, and other test accessories; and offers calibration and product tests, feedthrough capacitors, high current power, telephone, data and control line filters, and high-altitude electromagnetic protection filters. The company also offers human machine interface, positioning and tracking, communications and networking, and electronic equipment and instruments. It distributes its products through distributors, sales representatives, direct sales teams, and in-house sales personnel. The company was incorporated in 1990 and is based in Saint Louis, Missouri.;tech
ESI;Element Solutions Inc operates as a specialty chemicals company in the United States, China, and internationally. It operates in two segments: Electronics and Industrial & Specialty. The Electronics segment provides assembly solutions, including surface mount technologies, fluxes, thermal management materials, coatings, and other attachment materials; circuitry solutions, such as circuit board metallization, circuit formation products, electronic materials, surface finishes, and film and smart surface solutions; and semiconductor solutions, which includes semiconductor assembly and wafer level packaging materials. This segment serves the mobile communications, computers, automobiles, and aerospace equipment industries. The Industrial & Specialty segment offers industrial solutions, including electroless nickel, plating products, pre-treatment and cleaning solutions, functional conversion coatings, wastewater solutions, and water treatment; graphics solutions, such as solid sheet printing elements and liquid imaging products; and energy solutions, which includes offshore fluids. This segment serves the aerospace, automotive, construction, consumer electronics, consumer packaged goods, and oil and gas production end markets. The company was formerly known as Platform Specialty Products Corporation and changed its name to Element Solutions Inc in January 2019. Element Solutions Inc was founded in 1785 and is headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.;tech
ESNT;Essent Group Ltd., through its subsidiaries, provides private mortgage insurance and reinsurance for mortgages secured by residential properties located in the United States. The company's mortgage insurance products include primary, pool, and master policy. It also provides information technology maintenance and development services; customer support-related services; underwriting consulting services to third-party reinsurers; and contract underwriting services, as well as credit risk management products. In addition, the company offers title insurance and settlement services. It serves the originators of residential mortgage loans, such as regulated depository institutions, mortgage banks, credit unions, and other lenders; and mortgage borrowers and investors. Essent Group Ltd. was incorporated in 2008 and is headquartered in Hamilton, Bermuda.;tech
ESRT;Empire State Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE: ESRT) is a NYC-focused REIT that owns and operates a portfolio of well-leased, top of tier, modernized, amenitized, and well-located office, retail, and multifamily assets. ESRT's flagship Empire State Building, the World's Most Famous Building, features its iconic Observatory that was declared the #1 Attraction in the World  and the #1 Attraction in the U.S. for the third consecutive year  in Tripadvisor's 2024 Travelers' Choice Awards: Best of the Best Things to Do. The Company is a recognized leader in energy efficiency and indoor environmental quality. As of March 31, 2025, ESRT's portfolio is comprised of approximately 7.9 million rentable square feet of office space, 0.8 million rentable square feet of retail space and 732 residential units.;tech
ESS;Essex Property Trust, Inc., an S&P 500 company, is a fully integrated real estate investment trust (REIT) that acquires, develops, redevelops, and manages multifamily residential properties in selected West Coast markets. Essex currently has ownership interests in 258 apartment communities comprising over 62,000 apartment homes with an additional property in active development.;tech
ESTC;Elastic N.V., a search artificial intelligence (AI) company, provides software platforms to run in hybrid, public or private clouds, and multi-cloud environments in the United States and internationally. It primarily offers Elastic's Search AI Platform, a set of software products that ingest and store data from various sources and formats, as well as performs search, analysis, and visualization on that data. The company also provides Elastic search product a distributed, real-time vector database and analytics engine and data store for all types of data, including textual, numerical, geospatial, structured, and unstructured; Kibana, a user interface, management, and configuration interface for the platforms; Elasticsearch search platform, a platform with retrieval algorithms and the ability to integrate with large language models; and elastic security, a security solution that provides unified protection to prevent, detect, and respond to threats. In addition, it offers Elastic Observability, a solution that enables unified analysis, including Logs analytics to search and analyze petabytes of structured and unstructured logs; infrastructure monitoring to gain visibility across cloud, on-premises, Kubernetes, serverless, and hosts; Application Performance Monitoring to stream native production-grade; digital experience monitoring; and large language models. The company was incorporated in 2012 and is based in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.;tech
ET;Energy Transfer LP, together with its subsidiaries, provides energy-related services in the United States. It operates through Intrastate Transportation and Storage; Interstate Transportation and Storage; Midstream; Natural Gas Liquid (NGL) and Refined Products Transportation and Services; Crude Oil Transportation and Services; Investment in Sunoco LP; Investment in USA Compression Partners, LP (USAC); and All Other segments. The company owns and operates natural gas transportation pipelines and storage facilities; and approximately 12,200 miles of intrastate natural gas transportation pipelines and 20,090 miles of interstate natural gas pipelines. It also sells natural gas to electric utilities, independent power plants, local distribution and other marketing companies, and industrial end-users. In addition, the company owns and operates natural gas gathering pipelines, processing plants, and treating and conditioning facilities; and natural gas gathering, oil pipeline, and oil stabilization facilities. Further, it owns 5,700 miles of NGL pipelines; NGL fractionation and storage facilities; and other NGL storage assets and terminals. Additionally, the company provides crude oil transportation, terminalling, acquisition, and marketing activities; owns and operates approximately 17,950 miles of crude oil trunk and gathering pipelines; and sells and distributes motor fuels and other petroleum products under the Sunoco and EcoMaxx brands. It also offers natural gas compression; wholesale power trading; and carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulfide removal services, as well as manages coal and natural resources properties; sells standing timber; leases coal-related infrastructure facilities; and collects oil and gas royalties. The company was formerly known as Energy Transfer Equity, L.P. and changed its name to Energy Transfer LP in October 2018. Energy Transfer LP was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
ETB;Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Buy-Write Income Fund is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Eaton Vance Management. It is co-managed by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund primarily invests in stocks of large-cap companies. It also writes call options on one or more U.S. indices on a substantial portion of the value of its common stock portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index. Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Buy-Write Income Fund was formed on April 29, 2005 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
ETD;Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. operates as an interior design company, and manufacturer and retailer of home furnishings in the United States and internationally. The company operates through two segments, Wholesale and Retail. It offers case goods items, such as beds, dressers, armoires, tables, chairs, buffets, entertainment units, home office furniture, and wooden accents; upholstery comprising fabric-covered items, such as sleepers, recliners and other motion furniture, chairs, ottomans, custom pillows, sofas, loveseats, cut fabrics, and leather; and window treatments and drapery hardware, wall decors, florals, lighting, clocks, mattresses, bedspreads, throws, pillows, decorative accents, area rugs, flooring, wall coverings, and outdoor furnishings. The company also sells third-party furniture protection plans and other miscellaneous product. It markets and sells its products under the Ethan Allen brand through design centers and independent retailers, as well as through ethanallen.com website. Ethan Allen Interiors Inc. was founded in 1932 and is headquartered in Danbury, Connecticut.;tech
ETG;Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Dividend Income Fund is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Eaton Vance Management. The fund invests in public equity markets across the globe. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund primarily invests in dividend paying value stocks of companies. It employs fundamental analysis to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI World Index. Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Dividend Income Fund was formed on November 14, 2003 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
ETJ;Eaton Vance Risk-Managed Diversified Equity Income Fund is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Eaton Vance Management. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It primarily invests in common stocks and purchases out-of-the-money, short-dated S&P 500 index put options and sells out-of-the-money S&P 500 Index call options of the same term as the put options with roll dates that are staggered across the options portfolio. The fund invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index and the Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index. Eaton Vance Risk-Managed Diversified Equity Income Fund was formed on July 31, 2007 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
ETN;Eaton Corporation plc operates as a power management company in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, and the Asia Pacific. It operates through Electrical Americas, Electrical Global, Aerospace, Vehicle, and eMobility segments. The company offers electrical components, industrial components, power distribution and assemblies, residential products, single and three phase power quality and connectivity products, wiring devices, circuit protection products, utility power distribution products, and power reliability equipment; and hazardous duty electrical equipment, emergency lighting, fire detection, explosion-proof instrumentation, and structural support systems. It also provides pumps, motors, hydraulic power units, hoses and fittings, and electro-hydraulic pumps; valves, cylinders, electronic controls, electromechanical actuators, sensors, aircraft flap and slat systems, and nose wheel steering systems; hose, thermoplastic tubing products, fittings, adapters, couplings, and sealing and ducting products; air-to-air refueling systems, fuel pumps, fuel inerting products, sensors, and adapters and regulators; oxygen generation system, payload carriages, and thermal management products; wiring connectors and cables; and hydraulic and bag filters, strainers and cartridges, and golf grips for manufacturers of commercial and military aircraft, and related after-market customers, as well as industrial applications. In addition, the company offers transmissions, clutches, hybrid power systems, superchargers, engine valves and valve actuation systems, locking and limited slip differentials, transmission controls, and fuel vapor components for the vehicle industry; and voltage inverters, converters, fuses, circuit protection units, vehicle controls, power distribution systems, fuel tank isolation valves, and commercial vehicle hybrid systems. The company formerly known as Abeiron Limited. The company was founded in 1911 and is based in Dublin, Ireland.;tech
ETO;Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Dividend Opportunities Fund is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Eaton Vance Management. It invests in public equity markets across the globe. The fund seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in dividend paying value stocks of companies. The fund employs fundamental analysis to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI World Index. Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Global Dividend Opportunities Fund was formed on April 30, 2004 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
ETR;Entergy Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the production and retail distribution of electricity in the United States. It generates, transmits, distributes, and sells electric power in portions of Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas, including the City of New Orleans; and distributes natural gas. It also engages in the ownership of interests in non-nuclear power plants that sell electric power to wholesale customers, as well as provides decommissioning services to other nuclear power plant owners. It generates electricity through gas, nuclear, coal, hydro, and solar power sources. The company sells energy to retail power providers, utilities, electric power co-operatives, power trading organizations, and other power generation companies. The company's power plants have approximately 25,000 megawatts of electric generating capacity. It delivers electricity to 3 million utility customers in Arkansas, Louisiana, Mississippi, and Texas. Entergy Corporation was founded in 1913 and is headquartered in New Orleans, Louisiana.;tech
ETV;Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Buy-Write Opportunities Fund is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Eaton Vance Management. It is co-managed by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund also writes call options on one or more U.S. indices on a substantial portion of the value of its common stock portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index, the CBOE S&P 500 BuyWrite Index, the NASDAQ-100 Index, and the CBOE NASDAQ-100 BuyWrite Index. Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Buy-Write Opportunities Fund was formed on June 30, 2005 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
ETW;Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write Opportunities Fund is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Eaton Vance Management. It is co-managed by Parametric Portfolio Associates LLC. The fund invests in public equity markets across the globe. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund also writes call options on one or more U.S. and foreign indices on a substantial portion of the value of its common stock portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index, the CBOE S&P 500 BuyWrite Index, the CBOE NASDAQ-100 BuyWrite Index, and the FTSE Eurotop 100 Index. Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Buy-Write Opportunities Fund was formed on September 30, 2005 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
ETY;Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Diversified Equity Income Fund is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Eaton Vance Management. The fund invests in public equity markets across the globe. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund primarily invests in dividend paying stocks of companies. It also writes S&P 500 Index call options with respect to a portion of the value of its common stock portfolio to generate current cash flow from the options premium received. The Fund also normally invests in issuers located in at least three countries including the United States. It also invests through derivatives. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against a composite benchmark comprised of 80% S&P 500 Index and 20% FTSE Eurotop 100 Index. Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Diversified Equity Income Fund was formed on November 30, 2006 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
EVC;Entravision Communications Corporation owns and operates television and radio stations in the United States and internationally. It operates in two segments, Media and Advertising Technology & Services. The company engages in television, radio, and digital marketing operations; and offers mobile growth solutions, as well as sells search, social, streaming video, and streaming audio advertising solutions for television and radio advertising customers. It also provides advertising and technology services, including Smadex, a programmatic advertising purchasing platform that enables advertisers to purchase advertising electronically and manage data-driven advertising campaigns through online marketplaces; and Adwake, a performance-based media advertising agency. In addition, the company owns and operates television stations that broadcast English language programming. Further, it owns and operates TelevisaUnivision-affiliated television stations. Additionally, the company operates various television stations; radio stations; and Spanish-language radio stations. Entravision Communications Corporation was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Burbank, California.;tech
EVEX;Eve Holding, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, develops urban air mobility solutions in the United States. It is involved in the design and production of electrical vertical take-off and landing vehicles (eVTOLs); provision of eVTOL service and support services, including material, maintenance, technical support, training, ground handling, and data services; and development of urban air traffic management systems. The company is based in Melbourne, Florida. Eve Holding, Inc. is a subsidiary of Embraer Aircraft Holding, Inc.;tech
EVF;Eaton Vance Senior Income Trust is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Eaton Vance Management. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in the securities of companies operating across the diversified sectors. The fund primarily invests in senior secured floating rate loans. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P/LSTA Leveraged Loan Index. Eaton Vance Senior Income Trust was formed on October 30, 1998 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
EVG;Eaton Vance Short Duration Diversified Income Fund is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Eaton Vance Management. The fund invests in fixed income markets of the United States. It primarily invests in senior, secured floating-rate loans, bank deposits denominated in foreign currencies, debt obligations of foreign governmental and corporate issuers, and mortgage-backed securities. The fund invests in fixed income securities operating across diversified sectors. It invests in fixed income securities with an average duration of 1.76 years and an average credit quality of least BBB. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P/LSTA Leveraged Loan Index. It was formerly known as Eaton Vance Low Duration Diversified Income Fund. Eaton Vance Short Duration Diversified Income Fund was formed on February 28, 2005 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
EVH;Evolent Health, Inc., through its subsidiary, provides specialty care management services in oncology, cardiology, and musculoskeletal markets in the United States. The company offers integrated platform for health plan administration and value-based business infrastructure. It also provides administrative services, such as health plan services, pharmacy benefits management, risk management, analytics and reporting, and leadership and management; and Identifi, a proprietary technology system that aggregates and analyzes data, manages care workflows, and engages patients. In addition, the company provides holistic total cost of care management; and Machinify Auth, a software platform that leverages advances in artificial intelligence. Evolent Health, Inc. was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Arlington, Virginia.;tech
EVR;Evercore Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an independent investment banking firm in the Americas, Europe, Middle East, Africa, and Asia-Pacific. It operates through two segments, Investment Banking & Equities, and Investment Management. The Investment Banking & Equities segment offers strategic advisory services, such as mergers, and acquisitions, strategic, defense, and shareholder advisory, special committee assignments, and real estate strategic advisory; private capital advisory and fundraising, market risk management and hedging, private capital markets and debt advisory, liability management and restructuring, and equity capital markets execution and advisory services; and research, sales, and trading professionals services on a content-led platform to its institutional investor clients. The Investment Management segment provides wealth management services to high-net-worth individuals, foundations, and endowments. The company was formerly known as Evercore Partners Inc. and changed its name to Evercore Inc. in August 2017. Evercore Inc. was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
EVT;Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Dividend Income Fund is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Eaton Vance Management. The fund invests in public equity markets across the globe. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across the diversified sectors. The fund primarily invests in dividend paying value stocks of companies that qualify for favorable federal income tax treatment. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Russell 1000 Value Index. Eaton Vance Tax-Advantaged Dividend Income Fund was formed on September 30, 2003 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
EVTC;EVERTEC, Inc. provides transaction processing and financial technology services in Latin America, Puerto Rico, and the Caribbean. The company operates through four segments: Payment Services - Puerto Rico & Caribbean; Latin America Payments and Solutions; Merchant Acquiring; and Business Solutions. The company offers merchant acquiring services, which enable point of sales and e-commerce merchants to accept and process electronic methods of payment, such as debit, credit, prepaid, and electronic benefit transfer (EBT) cards. It also provides payment processing services that enable financial institutions and other issuers to manage, support, and facilitate the processing for credit, debit, prepaid, automated teller machines, and EBT card programs; credit and debit card processing, authorization and settlement, and fraud monitoring and control services to debit or credit issuers. In addition, it offers business process management solutions comprising core bank processing, network hosting, managed services and managed security services, IT professional services, business process outsourcing, item processing, cash processing, and fulfillment. Further, the company owns and operates the ATH network, a personal identification number debit network. It processes approximately ten billion transactions annually through a system of electronic payment networks. The company sells and distributes its services primarily through direct sales force. It serves financial institutions, merchants, corporations, and government agencies. EVERTEC, Inc. was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in San Juan, Puerto Rico.;tech
EVTL;Vertical Aerospace Ltd., an aerospace and technology company, engages in designing, manufacturing, and selling zero operating emission electric vertical takeoff and landing (eVTOL) aircraft for use in the advanced air mobility market in the United Kingdom. It involves in developing its flagship VX4, an eVTOL aircraft. Vertical Aerospace Ltd. was founded in 2016 and is headquartered in Bristol, the United Kingdom.;tech
EW;Edwards Lifesciences Corporation provides products and technologies to treat advanced cardiovascular diseases in the United States, Europe, Japan, and internationally. The company offers transcatheter heart valve replacement products for minimally invasive replacement of aortic heart valves under the Edwards SAPIEN family of valves system; and transcatheter heart valve repair and replacement products to treat mitral and tricuspid valve diseases under the PASCAL PRECISION and Cardioband brands. It also provides surgical structural heart solutions, such as aortic surgical valve under the INSPIRIS brand name; INSPIRIS RESILIA aortic valve, which offers RESILIA tissue and VFit technology; KONECT RESILIA, a pre-assembled tissue valve conduit for complex combined procedures; and MITRIS RESILIA valve. The company distributes its products through a direct sales force and independent distributors. Edwards Lifesciences Corporation was founded in 1958 and is headquartered in Irvine, California.;tech
EXG;Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Diversified Equity Income Fund is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Eaton Vance Management. It invests in public equity markets across the globe. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in dividend paying stocks of companies. The fund also invests through derivatives. It also writes call options on one or more U.S. and foreign indices with respect to a portion of the value of its common stock portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI World Index. Eaton Vance Tax-Managed Global Diversified Equity Income Fund was formed on February 27, 2007 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
EXK;Endeavour Silver Corp., a silver mining company, engages in the acquisition, exploration, development, extraction, processing, refining, and reclamation of mineral properties in Mexico, Chile, Peru, and the United States. It explores for gold and silver deposits, and precious metals, as well as polymetals. The company was formerly known as Endeavour Gold Corp. and changed its name to Endeavour Silver Corp. in September 2004. Endeavour Silver Corp. was incorporated in 1981 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.;tech
EXP;Eagle Materials Inc., through its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells heavy construction products and light building materials in the United States. The company operates in four segments: Cement, Concrete and Aggregates, Gypsum Wallboard, and Recycled Paperboard. It engages in the mining of limestone for the manufacture, production, distribution, and sale of portland cement, including Portland limestone cement; grinding and sale of slag; and mining of gypsum for the manufacture and sale of gypsum wallboards used to finish the interior walls and ceilings in residential, commercial, and industrial structures, as well as well as containerboard and lightweight packaging grades. The company is also involved in the manufacture and sale of recycled paperboard to the gypsum wallboard industry and other paperboard converters; sale of readymix concrete; and mining and sale of aggregates, such as crushed stone, sand, and gravel. Its products are used in commercial and residential construction; public construction projects to build, expand, and repair roads and highways; and repair and remodel activities. The company was formerly known as Centex Construction Products, Inc. and changed its name to Eagle Materials, Inc. in January 2004. Eagle Materials Inc. was founded in 1963 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
EXPD;Expeditors International of Washington, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides logistics services in the Americas, North Asia, South Asia, Europe, and MAIR. The company offers airfreight services, such as air freight consolidation and forwarding; ocean freight and ocean services, including ocean freight consolidation, direct ocean forwarding, and order management; customs brokerage and other services, import, intra-continental ground transportation and delivery, and warehousing and distribution services; and customs clearance, purchase order management, vendor consolidation, time-definite transportation services, temperature-controlled transit, cargo insurance, specialized cargo monitoring and tracking, and other logistics solutions. It also provides optimization, trade compliance consulting, cargo insurance, cargo security, and solutions. In addition, it acts as a freight consolidator or as an agent for the airline that carries the shipment. Further, the company provides ancillary services that include preparation of shipping and customs documentation, packing, crating, insurance services, and the preparation of documentation to comply with local import and export laws. Its customers include retailing and wholesaling; electronics; healthcare; technology; and industrial and manufacturing companies. The company was incorporated in 1979 and is headquartered in Bellevue, Washington.;tech
F;Ford Motor Company develops, delivers, and services Ford trucks, sport utility vehicles, commercial vans and cars, and Lincoln luxury vehicles worldwide. It operates through Ford Blue, Ford Model e, Ford Pro, and Ford Credit segments. The company sells Ford and Lincoln internal combustion engine and hybrid vehicles, electric vehicles, service parts, accessories, and digital services for retail customers, as well as develops software. It also sells Ford and Lincoln vehicles, service parts, and accessories through distributors and dealers, as well as through dealerships to commercial fleet customers, daily rental car companies, and governments. In addition, it engages in the vehicle-related financing and leasing activities to and through automotive dealers. Further, the company provides retail installment sale contracts for new and used vehicles; and direct financing leases for new vehicles to retail and commercial customers, such as leasing companies, government entities, daily rental companies, and fleet customers. Additionally, it offers wholesale loans to dealers to finance the purchase of vehicle inventory; and loans to dealers to finance working capital and enhance dealership facilities, purchase dealership real estate, and other dealer vehicle programs. The company was incorporated in 1903 and is based in Dearborn, Michigan.;tech
FAF;First American Financial Corporation, through its subsidiaries, provides financial services. It operates through Title Insurance and Services, and Home Warranty segments. The Title Insurance and Services segment issues title insurance policies on residential and commercial property, as well as offers related products and services internationally. This segment also provides closing and/or escrow services; products, services, and solutions to mitigate risk or otherwise facilitate real estate transactions; appraisals and other valuation-related products and services; lien release, document custodial, and default-related products and services; document generation services; warehouse lending services; and subservices mortgage loans; as well as banking, trust, and wealth management services. In addition, it accommodates tax-deferred exchanges of real estate; and maintains, manages, and provides access to title plant data and records. This segment offers its products through a network of direct operations and agents in various states and in the District of Columbia, as well as in Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, South Korea, and internationally. The Home Warranty segment provides home warranty products, including residential service contracts that cover residential systems, such as heating and air conditioning systems, and various appliances against failures that occur as the result of normal usage during the coverage period. This segment operates in various states and the District of Columbia. First American Financial Corporation was founded in 1889 and is based in in Santa Ana, California.;tech
FBIN;Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. engages in the provision of home and security products for residential home repair, remodeling, new construction, and security applications in the United States and internationally. It operates through three segments: Water, Outdoors, and Security. The Water segment manufactures, assembles, and sells faucets, accessories, kitchen sinks, and waste disposals, under the Moen, ROHL, Riobel, Victoria+Albert, Perrin & Rowe, Aqualisa, Shaws, Emtek, Schaub, and SpringWell brands. Its Outdoors segment manufactures and sells fiberglass and steel entry door systems under the Therma-Tru brand; storm, screen and security doors under the Larson brand; composite decking, railing and cladding under the Fiberon brand; urethane millwork under the Fypon brand; and wide-opening exterior door systems and outdoor enclosures under the Solar Innovations brand. The Security segment offers locks, safety and security devices, connected and mechanical lock out tag out solutions, and electronic security under the Master Lock, American Lock, and Yale and August brands; and fire-resistant safes, security containers, and commercial cabinets under the SentrySafe brand. The company sells its products through various sales channels, including kitchen and bath dealers; wholesalers oriented toward builders or professional remodelers; industrial and locksmith distributors; do-it-yourself remodeling-oriented home centers; showrooms; e-commerce; and other retail outlets. Fortune Brands Innovations, Inc. was incorporated in 1988 and is headquartered in Deerfield, Illinois.;tech
FBK;FB Financial Corporation operates as a bank holding company for FirstBank that provides a suite of commercial and consumer banking services. The company operates in two segments, Banking and Mortgage. It offers checking, demand, money market, and savings accounts; deposit and lending products and services to corporate, commercial, and individual customers; and time deposits, as well as residential mortgage and loan securitization services. The company also provides owner-occupied and non-owner-occupied real estate commercial loans; residential real estate 1-4 family mortgage, multi-family residential, commercial and industrial, construction, land acquisition, and land development loans, as well as residential lines of credit; and consumer and other loans, such as car, boat, and other recreational vehicle loans; loans for manufactured homes without real estate; and personal lines of credit. In addition, the company offers mortgage banking services through its bank branch network and mortgage banking offices in the southeastern United States; and trust, insurance, and investment services, as well as online and mobile banking services. It operates through various full- and limited-service branch locations throughout Tennessee, Nashville, Chattanooga, Knoxville, Memphis, Jackson, Birmingham, Florence, Huntsville, Alabama, Bowling Green, Kentucky, Tuscaloosa, Asheville, and North Carolina. The company was formerly known as First South Bancorp, Inc. and changed its name to FB Financial Corporation in 2016. FB Financial Corporation was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee.;tech
FBP;First BanCorp. operates as the bank holding company for FirstBank Puerto Rico that provides financial products and services to consumers and commercial customers. It operates through six segments: Mortgage Banking; Consumer (Retail) Banking; Commercial and Corporate Banking; Treasury and Investments; United States Operations; and Virgin Islands Operations. The Mortgage Banking segment engages in the origination, sale, and servicing of various residential mortgage loans; hedging activities; purchase of mortgage loans from branch and mortgage bankers; and origination of residential real estate loans. The Consumer (Retail) Banking segment provides auto loans, finance leases, personal loans, credit cards, and other types of consumer credit lines; and interest and non-interest-bearing checking and savings accounts. The Commercial and Corporate Banking segment offers commercial real estate and construction loans, as well as other products, such as cash and business management services. The Treasury and Investments segment focuses on fund management business. The United States Operations segment provides checking, savings, and money market accounts; retail CDs; internet banking services; residential mortgages; home equity loans and lines of credit; retail deposits; cash management services; remote data capture; automated clearing house transactions; and traditional commercial and industrial, and commercial real estate products, such as lines of credit, term loans, and construction loans. The Virgin Islands Operations segment focuses on consumer and commercial lending, and deposit-taking activities. The company also offers insurance agency services. First BanCorp. was founded in 1948 and is headquartered in San Juan, Puerto Rico.;tech
FC;Franklin Covey Co. provides training and consulting services in the areas of execution, sales performance, productivity, customer loyalty, leadership, and educational improvement for organizations and individuals worldwide. The company operates through Direct Offices, International Licensees, and Education Practice segments. It also provides a suite of individual-effectiveness and leadership-development training and products. In addition, the company operates internet-based platforms, including All Access Pass and Leader in Me that offers training days and training course materials. Further, it offers individual-effectiveness and leadership-development training content solutions, such as The 7 Habits of Highly Effective People, The Speed of Trust, Multipliers, The 4 Disciplines of Execution, and Trust & Inspire. Franklin Covey Co. was incorporated in 1983 and is headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah.;tech
FCF;First Commonwealth Financial Corporation, a financial holding company, provides various consumer and commercial banking products and services in the United States. The company's consumer services include internet, mobile, and telephone banking; an automated teller machine network; personal checking accounts, interest-earning checking accounts, savings and health savings accounts, insured money market accounts, debit cards, investment certificates, fixed and variable rate certificates of deposit, mortgage loans, secured and unsecured installment loans, construction and real estate loans, safe deposit facilities, credit cards, credit lines with overdraft checking protection, and IRA accounts. Its commercial banking services comprise commercial lending and leasing, business checking accounts, online account management services, payroll direct deposits, commercial cash management services, and repurchase agreements, as well as ACH origination services. In addition, the company offers various trust and asset management services; auto, home, and business insurance, as well as term life insurance products; and annuities, mutual funds, and stock and bond brokerage services through a broker-dealer and insurance brokers. Further, it provides commercial and residential real estate loans, real estate construction loans, and loans to individuals, as well as commercial, financial, agricultural, and other loans. The company was founded in 1934 and is headquartered in Indiana, Pennsylvania.;tech
FCN;FTI Consulting, Inc. provides business advisory services to manage change, mitigate risk, and resolve disputes worldwide. The company operates through Corporate Finance & Restructuring; Forensic and Litigation Consulting; Economic Consulting; and Technology, and Strategic Communications segments. The Corporate Finance & Restructuring segment provides business transformation and strategy, transactions, and turnaround and restructuring services. The Forensic and Litigation Consulting segment offers construction and environmental solutions, data and analytics, disputes, health solutions, and risk and investigation services. The Economic Consulting segment provides antitrust and competition economics, financial economics, and international arbitration services. The Technology segment offers corporate legal department consulting; e-discovery and expertise; and information governance, privacy, and security services. The Strategic Communications segment provides corporate reputation, financial communications, and public affairs services. It serves aerospace and defense, airlines and aviation, blockchain and digital assets, chemicals, construction and environmental solutions, energy, financial services, food and agriculture, healthcare and life sciences, hospitality, gaming and leisure, automotive and industrial, insurance, mining, private equity, power, renewable and energy transition, professional services, public sector and government contracts, real estate, retail and consumer products, telecom, media and technology, and transportation and logistics sectors. The company was incorporated in 1982 and is headquartered in Washington, the District of Columbia.;tech
FCPT;FCPT is a real estate investment trust primarily engaged in the ownership, acquisition and leasing of restaurant and retail properties. The Company seeks to grow its portfolio by acquiring additional real estate to lease, on a net basis, for use in the restaurant and retail industries.;tech
FCRX;Crescent Capital BDC, Inc. is as a business development company is a private equity / buyouts and loan fund. It specializes in directly investing. It specializes in middle market. The fund seeks to invest in United States.;tech
FCT;First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by First Trust Advisors L.P. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in a portfolio of senior secured floating rate corporate loans. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P/LSTA Leveraged Loan Index. It was formerly known as First Trust/Four Corners Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II. First Trust Senior Floating Rate Income Fund II was formed on May 25, 2004 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
FDP;Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc., through its subsidiaries, produces, markets, and distributes fresh and fresh-cut fruits and vegetables in North America, Central America, South America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Fresh and Value-Added Products, Banana, and Other Products and Services. The company offers pineapples, fresh-cut fruit, fresh-cut vegetables, melons, and vegetables; non-tropical fruits, such as grapes, apples, citrus, blueberries, strawberries, pears, peaches, plums, nectarines, cherries, and kiwis; other fruit and vegetables, and avocados; and prepared fruit and vegetables, juices, other beverages, and meals and snacks. It also involved in the sale of poultry and meat products; and third-party freight services business. The company offers its products under the Del Monte brand, as well as under other brands, such as UTC, Rosy, Just Juice, Fruitini, Pinkglow, Del Monte Zero, Honeyglow, Rubyglow, Honey Miniglow, Bananinis, Mann, Mann's Logo, Arcadian Harvest, Nourish Bowls, Broccolini, Caulilini, Better Burger Leaf, Romaleaf, and other regional brands. It markets and distributes its products to retail stores, club stores, convenience stores, wholesalers, distributors, and foodservice operators. Fresh Del Monte Produce Inc. was founded in 1886 and is based in George Town, Cayman Islands.;tech
FDS;FactSet Research Systems Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a financial digital platform and enterprise solutions provider for the investment community worldwide. The company provides workstations, portfolio analytics, and enterprise data solutions, as well as managed services for supporting data, performance, risk, and reporting workflows. It offers subscription-based financial data and market intelligence on securities, companies, industries, and people that enable clients to research investment ideas, as well as analyze, monitor, and manage their portfolios. The company provides its services through its configurable desktop and mobile platform, data feeds, cloud-based digital solutions, and application programming interfaces. It serves investment professionals, including institutional asset managers, bankers, wealth managers, asset owners, partners, hedge funds, corporate users, and private equity and venture capital professionals. The company was founded in 1978 and is headquartered in Norwalk, Connecticut.;tech
FDX;FedEx Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides transportation, e-commerce, and business services in the United States and internationally. It operates through Federal Express and FedEx Freight segments. The company offers transportation services, including express, freight, less-than-truckload freight, and time-specific freight-shipping; and small-package ground delivery services. It also provides e-commerce and digital solutions; dataworks; printing and shipping management, including digital printing, professional finishing, document creation, design solutions, direct mail, signs and graphics, custom-branded boxes, copying, computer rental, free Wi-Fi, corporate print solutions, shredding, expedited U.S. passport processing and renewal, and digital notarization; packing services, as well as packing supplies and boxes; document and business services; and retail access for package transportation. In addition, the company offers logistics services, air and ocean freight-forwarding and cargo transportation, specialty transportation, customs brokerage and clearance, trade management tools and data, and door-to-door solutions; and third party logistics and supply chain management solutions, such as inbound logistics, warehousing and distribution, fulfillment, contract packaging and product configuration, systems integration, returns process and disposition, test, repair, refurbishment, and product liquidation. Further, it provides sales, marketing, administrative, information technology, and back-office support services. FedEx Corporation was founded in 1971 and is headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee.;tech
FEDU;Four Seasons Education (Cayman) Inc. provides after-school education services for kindergarten, elementary, and middle school students in the People's Republic of China and internationally. It offers learning technology and content solutions; and tourism services, including travel agency services and educational travel programs. The company was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Shanghai, the People's Republic of China.;tech
FENG;Phoenix New Media Limited provides content through an integrated Internet platform in the People's Republic of China. It operates in two segments, Net Advertising Services and Paid Services. The company provides various interest-based content verticals, such as news, military affairs, video, technology, finance, entertainment, automobiles, sports, real estate, home living, fashion, and history through its website, ifeng.com; and interactive services, including comment postings and user surveys. It also provides mobile newspaper and mobile video services, as well as e-commerce and wireless value-added services. In addition, the company's mobile channel comprises ifeng News, a news application that provides newsfeeds and other content in the form of text, images, live streaming, and video; ifeng Video, a video application, which offers video news, live broadcasting, Phoenix TV programs content, etc.; i.ifeng.com mobile Internet website; and digital reading applications. It offers content and services through PC, mobile, and third-party channels, as well as transmits content primarily through Phoenix TV to TV viewers. Phoenix New Media Limited was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in Beijing, the People's Republic of China. Phoenix New Media Limited is a subsidiary of Phoenix Satellite Television (B.V.I.) Holding Limited.;tech
FERG;Ferguson Enterprises Inc. distributes plumbing and heating products in the United States and Canada. The company provides expertise, solutions, and products, including infrastructure, plumbing, appliances, fire, and fabrication, as well as heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) to residential and non-residential customers. It also supplies specialist water and wastewater treatment products to residential, commercial, and infrastructure contractors, as well as supplies pipe, valves, and fittings solutions to industrial customers. In addition, it offers customized solutions, such as virtual design, fabrication, valve actuation, pre-assembly, kitting, installation, and project management services, as well as after-sales support that comprises warranty, credit, project-based billing, returns and maintenance, and repair and operations support. The company sells its products through a network of distribution centers, branches, counter service and specialist sales associates, showroom consultants, and e-commerce channels. Ferguson Enterprises Inc. was founded in 1953 and is headquartered in Newport News, Virginia.;tech
FET;Forum Energy Technologies, Inc. designs, manufactures, and supplies products serving the oil, natural gas, industrial, and renewable energy industries in the United States and internationally. It operates through two segments, Drilling and Completions; and Artificial Lift and Downhole. The Drilling and Completions segment designs, manufactures, and supplies products and solutions to the drilling, subsea, coiled tubing, well stimulation, and intervention markets, including applications in oil and natural gas, renewable energy, defense, and communications industries. This segment also offers drilling capital equipment and consumable products; subsea remotely operated vehicles and trenchers, submarine rescue vehicles, specialty components and tooling, and technical services; hydraulic fracturing pumps, cooling systems, and high-pressure flexible hoses and flow iron; wireline cable and pressure control equipment; and coiled tubing strings and pressure control equipment, as well as coiled line pipe and related services. The Artificial Lift and Downhole Segment designs, manufactures, and supplies products and solutions for the artificial lift, well construction, production, and infrastructure markets. This segment also offers products designed to safeguard artificial lift equipment and downhole cables; well construction casing and cementing equipment; customized downhole technology solutions, which provides sand and flow control products for heavy oil applications; engineered process systems, production equipment, and separation equipment; and a range of industrial valves. It sells its products through distributors to drilling rig contractors, offshore service companies, governmental organizations, and oil and gas operators and producers. The company was formerly known as Forum Oilfield Technologies, Inc. and changed its name to Forum Energy Technologies, Inc. in August 2010. Forum Energy Technologies, Inc. was incorporated in 2005 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
FF;FutureFuel Corp., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells diversified chemical, bio-based fuel, and bio-based specialty chemical products in the United States. It operates through two segments: Chemicals and Biofuels. The Chemicals segment provides various custom chemicals that are used in the coatings, chemical intermediates, industrial and consumer cleaning, oil and gas, and specialty polymers industries; and performance chemicals, such as polymer modifiers, glycerin products, consumer cleaning products, surfactants, and several small-volume specialty chemicals and solvents for diverse applications. The Biofuels segment is involved in the production and sale of biodiesel and petrodiesel blends; and markets its biodiesel products directly to customers through trucks, barges, and rail cars. FutureFuel Corp. is headquartered in Saint Louis, Missouri.;tech
FFA;First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by First Trust Advisors L.P. The fund is co-managed by Chartwell Investment Partners, L.P. It invests in public equity markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across the diversified sectors. It invests in stocks of companies across diversified market capitalizations. The fund also writes covered call options. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index. The fund was formerly known as First Trust/Fiduciary Asset Management Covered Call Fund. First Trust Enhanced Equity Income Fund was formed on August 26, 2004 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
FFC;Flaherty & Crumrine Preferred Securities Income Fund Inc. is a closed-ended balanced mutual fund launched and managed by Flaherty & Crumrine Incorporated. The fund invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in securities of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund primarily invests in investment grade preferred securities consisting of hybrid or taxable preferreds. It employs quantitative analysis to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Merrill Lynch 8% Capped DRD Preferred Stock Index, Merrill Lynch Hybrid Preferred Securities Index, and Merrill Lynch Adjustable Preferred Stock 7% Constrained Index. It was formerly known as Flaherty & Crumrine/Claymore Preferred Securities Income Fund Incorporated. Flaherty & Crumrine Preferred Securities Income Fund Inc. was formed on May 23, 2002 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
FFWM;First Foundation Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides banking services, investment advisory, wealth management, and trust services to individuals, businesses, and other organizations in the United States. The company operates in two segments, Banking and Wealth Management. It offers a range of deposit products, including personal and business checking accounts, savings accounts, interest-bearing demand deposit accounts, money market accounts, and time certificate of deposits; and loan products consisting of multifamily and single family residential real estate loans, commercial real estate loans, commercial term loans, and line of credits, as well as consumer loans, such as personal installment loans and line of credits, and home equity line of credits. The company provides various specialized services comprising trust services, online and mobile banking, remote deposit capture services, merchant credit card services, ATM cards, Visa debit cards, and business sweep accounts, as well as insurance brokerage services and equipment financing solutions. In addition, it offers investment management and financial planning services; financial, investment, and economic advisory and related services; and treasury management services, such as bill pay, check/payee/ACH positive pay, wire origination, internal and external transfers, account reconciliation reporting, mobile deposit, lockbox, cash vault services and merchant processing. Further, the company provides support services, including the processing and transmission of financial and economic data for charitable organizations. It operates through a network of branch offices and loan production offices. The company was founded in 1985 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
FG;F&G Annuities & Life, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides annuity and life insurance products in the United States. It offers fixed indexed annuities registered index-linked annuities, and multi-year guarantee annuities; immediate annuities; indexed universal life insurance; pension risk transfer solutions; and institutional funding agreements. The company distributes its products through independent agents, banks, and broker-dealers to retail annuity and life customers, as well as institutional clients. The company was founded in 1959 and is headquartered in Des Moines, Iowa. F&G Annuities & Life, Inc. is a subsidiary of Fidelity National Financial, Inc.;tech
FHN;First Horizon Corporation operates as the bank holding company for First Horizon Bank that provides various financial services. It operates through Regional Banking, Specialty Banking, and Corporate segments. The company offers commercial banking, business banking, consumer banking, and private client and wealth management business such as deposit, commercial, consumer & wealth investment, wealth management, financial planning, trust and asset management services. The Specialty Banking segment provides wholes banking services like fixed income/capital markets, professional commercial real estate, mortgage warehouse lending, asset-based lending, franchise finance, equipment finance, energy finance, healthcare finance, and trucking and transportation finance; as well as treasury management solutions, loan syndications, and international banking. In addition, the company offers corporate and correspondent banking services. Further, it provides transaction processing services including check clearing services and remittance processing, credit card products, investment, and sale of mutual fund and retail insurances, as well as trust, fiduciary, and agency services. First Horizon Corporation was founded in 1864 and is headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee.;tech
FI;Fiserv, Inc. provides payments and financial services technology solutions in the United States, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Latin America, the Asia-Pacific, and internationally. It operates through the Merchant Solutions and Financial Solutions segments. The company provides merchant acquiring and digital commerce services, mobile payment services, security and fraud protection solutions, stored-value solutions, software-as-a-service, and pay-by-bank solutions, as well as Clover, a point-of-sale and business management platform through various channels, including direct sales teams, strategic partnerships with agent sales forces, independent software vendors, independent sales organizations, financial institutions, and other strategic partners. It also offers debit card processing services, debit network services, security and fraud protection products, bill payment; person-to-person payments, account-to-account transfers, credit card processing services, prepaid card processing services, card production services, print services, government payment processing, student loan processing, and customer loan and deposit account processing; digital banking; financial and risk management; and professional services and consulting, check processing, automated clearing house, and real-time payments. It serves large enterprise, small business, banks, credit union, large financial institution, fintech, public sectors, and software providers. Fiserv, Inc. was incorporated in 1984 and is headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.;tech
FICO;Fair Isaac Corporation develops software with analytics and digital decisioning technologies that enable businesses to automate, enhance, and connect decisions in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. The company operates in two segments, Scores and Software. The Scores segment provides business-to-business scoring solutions and services for consumers that give clients access to predictive credit and other scores that can be integrated into their transaction streams and decision-making processes, as well as business-to-consumer scoring solutions comprising myFICO.com subscription offerings. The Software segment provides pre-configured analytic and decision management solution designed for various business needs or processes, such as account origination, customer management, customer engagement, fraud detection, and marketing, as well as associated professional services. This segment also offers FICO Platform, a modular software offering designed to support advanced analytic and decision use cases, as well as stand-alone analytic and decisioning software that can be configured by customers to address a wide range of business use cases. It offers FICO® Decision Modeler and FICO Blaze Advisor, FICO Xpress Optimization, FICO Analytics Workbench, FICO Data Orchestrator, FICO DMP Streaming, FICO Business Outcome Simulator, FICO Decision Optimizer, FICO TRIAD Customer Manager, FICO Fraud Solutions, FICO Originations, FICO Customer Communication Service, FICO Strategy Director, FICO Analytic Services, FICO Advisors, and FICO Blaze Advisor, as well as software implementation and configuration services. The company markets its products and services primarily through its direct sales organization and indirect channels, as well as online. The company was formerly known as Fair Isaac & Company, Inc. and changed its name to Fair Isaac Corporation in July 1992. Fair Isaac Corporation was founded in 1956 and is headquartered in Bozeman, Montana.;tech
FIG;Figma, Inc. develops a browser-based tool for designing user interfaces that helps design and development teams build various products. The company offers Figma Design, a collaborative design tool for teams that explore ideas and gather feedback, build realistic prototypes, and streamline product development with design systems; Dev Mode to inspect designs and translate them into code without changing the design file; FigJam to define ideas, align on decisions, and move work forwardall in one place; and Figma Slides, a presentation tool built for designers and their teams. It also provides Figma Draw to create expressive designs with illustration tools; Figma Buzz that publishes brand templates to create social media assets, display ads, one-pagers, and others; Figma Sites to design, prototype, and publish; and Figma Make, an AI tool to design and prompt way to a functional prototype. The company was incorporated in 2012 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
FIGS;FIGS, Inc., together with its subsidiary, FIGS Canada, Inc., operates as a direct-to-consumer healthcare apparel and lifestyle company in the United States and internationally. The company designs and sells scrubwear and non-scrubwear offerings, such as outerwear, underscrubs, footwear, compression socks, lab coats, loungewear, and other apparel. It also offers sports bras, performance leggings and tops, super-soft pima cotton tops, vests, fleeces, and jackets; and necessities comprising scrub caps, lanyards, badge reels, tote bags, baseball caps, and beanies. The company markets and sells its products to healthcare professionals through its direct-to-consumer digital platform comprising website, mobile app, and B2B business, as well as retail stores. FIGS, Inc. was incorporated in 2013 and is headquartered in Santa Monica, California.;tech
FIHL;Fidelis Insurance Holdings Limited provides insurance and reinsurance solutions in Bermuda, the Republic of Ireland, and the United Kingdom. It operates in two segments: Insurance and Reinsurance. The Insurance segment offers property, marine, asset backed finance and portfolio credit, aviation and aerospace, political risk, violence and terror, energy, cyber, and other insurance products. The Reinsurance segment provides property, retrocession, and whole account reinsurance solutions. Fidelis Insurance Holdings Limited was incorporated in 2014 and is headquartered in Pembroke, Bermuda.;tech
FINV;FinVolution Group, an investment holding company, operates in the online consumer finance industry in the People's Republic of China, Indonesia, and internationally. It operates an online consumer finance platform through its ppdai.com and PPDai mobile application; KOO Virtual Credit; AdaKami, an online loan platform; and JuanHand for lending and other personalized financial services. The company was formerly known as PPDAI Group Inc. and changed its name to FinVolution Group in November 2019. FinVolution Group was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Shanghai, the People's Republic of China.;tech
FIS;Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. engages in the provision of financial services technology solutions for financial institutions, businesses, and developers worldwide. It operates through Banking Solutions, Capital Market Solutions, and Corporate and Other segments. The company provides core processing and ancillary applications; mobile and online banking; fraud, risk management, and compliance; card and retail payment; electronic funds transfer and network; wealth and retirement; and item processing and output solutions. It also offers trading and asset, lending, leveraged and syndicated loan markets, and treasury and risk solutions. Fidelity National Information Services, Inc. was founded in 1968 and is headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida.;tech
FIX;Comfort Systems USA, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides mechanical and electrical installation, renovation, maintenance, repair, and replacement services for the mechanical and electrical services industry in the United States. It operates through two segments: Mechanical and Electrical. The company offers heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems, as well as plumbing, electrical, piping and controls, off-site construction, monitoring, and fire protection. It also involved in the design, engineering, integration, installation, and start-up of mechanical, electrical, and plumbing (MEP) and related systems in new buildings; and renovation, expansion, maintenance, monitoring, repair, and replacement of MEP systems in existing buildings. In addition, the company provides remote monitoring of power usage, temperature, pressure, humidity and air flow for MEP and other building systems. It serves building owners and developers, general contractors, architects, consulting engineers, and property managers in the commercial, industrial, and institutional MEP markets. Comfort Systems USA, Inc. was founded in 1917 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
FLC;Flaherty & Crumrine Total Return Fund Inc. is a closed-ended balanced mutual fund launched and managed by Flaherty & Crumrine Incorporated. The fund invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across utilities and banking sectors. The fund primarily invests in investment-grade securities consisting of preferred securities and other income-producing securities comprising of various debt securities. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Capital U.S. Aggregate Index and the S&P 500 Index. The fund was formerly known as Flaherty & Crumrine/Claymore Total Return Fund, Inc. Flaherty & Crumrine Total Return Fund Inc. was formed on August 26, 2003 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
FLG;Flagstar Financial, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for Flagstar Bank, N.A. that provides banking products and services in the United States. The company's deposit products include interest-bearing checking and money market, savings, and non-interest-bearing accounts, as well as certificates of deposit. Its loan products comprise multi-family loans; commercial real estate loans; acquisition, development, and construction loans; commercial and industrial loans; one-to-four family loans; specialty finance loans and leases; warehouse loans; and other loans, such as home equity lines of credit, as well as other consumer loans, including overdraft loans. The company offers non-deposit investment and insurance products; and online and mobile banking services. It primarily serves individuals, small and mid-size businesses, and professional associations. The company was formerly known as New York Community Bancorp, Inc. and changed its name to Flagstar Financial, Inc. in October 2024. Flagstar Financial, Inc. was founded in 1859 and is headquartered in Hicksville, New York.;tech
FLNG;FLEX LNG Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the seaborne transportation of liquefied natural gas (LNG) worldwide. It owns and operates vessels with M-type electronically controlled gas injection LNG carriers, and vessels with generation X dual fuel propulsion systems. The company was incorporated in 2006 and is based in Hamilton, Bermuda.;tech
FLO;Flowers Foods, Inc. produces and markets packaged bakery food products in the United States. The company's principal products include fresh breads, buns, rolls, snack items, bagels, English muffins, and tortillas, as well as frozen breads and rolls under the Nature's Own, Dave's Killer Bread, Wonder, Canyon Bakehouse, Mrs. Freshley's, and Tastykake brand names. It distributes its products through a direct-store-delivery distribution and a warehouse delivery system, as well as operates bakeries. The company's customers include national and regional restaurants, institutions and foodservice distributors, and retail in-store bakeries; wholesale distributors; mass merchandisers, supermarkets, vending outlets, and convenience stores; quick-serve chains, food wholesalers, institutions, dollar stores, and vending companies; and public health care, military commissaries, and prisons, and other governmental institutions. The company was formerly known as Flowers Industries and changed its name to Flowers Foods, Inc. in 2001. Flowers Foods, Inc. was founded in 1919 and is headquartered in Thomasville, Georgia.;tech
FLOC;Flowco Holdings Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides production optimization, artificial lift, and methane abatement solutions for the oil and natural gas industry in the United States. It operates in two segments, Production Solutions and Natural Gas Technologies. The company is involved in the rent, service, and sale of high pressure gas lifts, conventional gas lifts, and plunger lifts; and manufacture and installation of methane abatement technologies that allow producers to reduce methane emissions associated with their wellsite operations. It also offers digital solutions; manufactures, rents, services, and sells vapor recovery unit systems; and manufactures natural gas systems. The company was incorporated in 2024 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
FLR;Fluor Corporation provides engineering, procurement, and construction (EPC); fabrication and modularization; and project management services worldwide. The company operates through three segments: Urban Solutions, Energy Solutions, and Mission Solutions. The Urban Solutions segment offers EPC and project management services to the advanced technologies and manufacturing, life sciences, mining and metals, and infrastructure industries. This segment also provides professional staffing services to the company and third-party clients with technical, professional, and craft resources on a contract or permanent placement basis. The Energy Solutions segment offers EPC services for traditional oil and gas markets, including the production and fuels, chemicals, LNG, and power markets. This segment also provides solutions to the energy transition markets, including nuclear power and other low-carbon energy sources, asset decarbonization, carbon capture, renewable fuels, waste-to-energy, green chemicals, and hydrogen; and consulting services, such as feasibility studies, process assessments, and project finance structuring. The Mission Solutions segment offers technical solutions to the U.S. and other governments. This segment provides site management, environmental remediation, and decommissioning for nuclear remediation at governmental facilities, as well as services to commercial nuclear clients. It also delivers solutions for nuclear security and operation, nuclear waste management, and laboratory management; and operation and maintenance, logistics, EPC, and life support solutions for mission-critical facilities across U.S. military service organizations. The company was founded in 1912 and is headquartered in Irving, Texas.;tech
FLS;Flowserve Corporation designs, manufactures, distributes, and services industrial flow management equipment in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. It operates in two segments, Flowserve Pump Division (FPD) and Flow Control Division (FCD). The company offers custom engineered pumps, pre-configured industrial pumps, pump systems, mechanical seals, auxiliary systems, replacement parts, and related aftermarket services; and manufactures gas-lubricated mechanical seal for gas pipelines and in the oil and gas production and process markets. It also provides equipment services, including installation, commissioning services, seal systems spare parts, repairs, advanced diagnostics, re-rate and upgrade solutions, retrofit programs, and machining and asset management solutions. In addition, the company offers engineered-to-order and configured-to-order isolation valves, control valves, valve automation products and related services and equipment; and actuators, positioners, and switches used to control, direct and manage the flow of liquids, gases and multi-phase fluids, and are a critical part of any flow control system. Further, it provides equipment maintenance services for flow control systems, including advanced diagnostics, repair, installation, commissioning, retrofit programs, and field machining capabilities. The company sells under the Valtek, Argus, Worcester, Limitorque, and Durco brands. It serves oil and gas, power generation, chemical, water management and general industries, water management, and other general industries, including mining, food and beverage, steel, and pulp and paper industries. The company distributes its products through direct sales, distributors, and sales representatives. Flowserve Corporation was founded in 1790 and is headquartered in Irving, Texas.;tech
FLUT;Flutter Entertainment plc operates as a sports betting and gaming company in the United States, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Australia, Italy, and internationally. It provides sportsbooks; iGaming products, such as blackjack, roulette, slot machines, poker, and rummy, as well as lottery products; and sports betting products, which include Betfair betting exchanges, daily fantasy sports, and horse racing wagering under the TVG brand. The company offers sports betting and gaming services through fanduel.com, tvg.com, betfair.com, paddypower.com, and paddypower.ie, sportsbet.com.au, pokerstars.com, betfair.com, sisal.it, jungleegames.com, maxbet.rs, and adjarabet.com websites under the FanDuel, Sky Betting & Gaming, Sportsbet, PokerStars, Paddy Power, Sisal, tombola, Betfair, TVG, Junglee Games, Adjarabet, and MaxBet brands, as well as live poker tours and events. It also provides business-to-business pricing and risk management services. The company was formerly known as Paddy Power Betfair plc and changed its name to Flutter Entertainment plc in 2019. Flutter Entertainment plc was incorporated in 1958 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
FMC;FMC Corporation, an agricultural sciences company, provides crop protection solutions to farmers in Latin America, North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Asia. It develops, markets, and sells crop protection chemicals, including insecticides, herbicides, and fungicides, as well as biologicals, crop nutrition, and seed treatment products, which are used in agriculture to enhance crop yield and quality by controlling a range of insects, weeds, and disease, as well as in non-agricultural markets for pest control. The company markets its products through its own sales organization and through alliance partners, independent distributors, and sales representatives. FMC Corporation was founded in 1883 and is headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.;tech
FMN;Federated Premier Municipal Income Fund is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Federated Investors, Inc. The fund is managed by Federated Investment Management Company. It invests in fixed income markets of United States. The fund primarily invests in tax-exempt municipal bonds of GO state, GO local, special tax, hospital, transportation, pre-refunded, senior care, water and sewer, education, electric and gas, and public power sectors. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against S&P Municipal Bond Index. Federated Premier Municipal Income Fund was formed on December 20, 2002 and is domiciled in United States.;tech
FMS;Fresenius Medical Care AG provides dialysis and related services for individuals with renal diseases in Germany, the United States, and internationally. The company offers dialysis treatment and related laboratory and diagnostic services through a network of outpatient dialysis clinics; materials, training, and patient support services comprising clinical monitoring, follow-up assistance, and arranging for delivery of the supplies to the patient's residence; and dialysis services under contract to hospitals in the United States for the hospitalized end-stage renal disease (ESRD) patients and for patients suffering from acute kidney failure. It also develops, manufactures, and distributes various health care products, including polysulfone dialyzers, hemodialysis machines, peritoneal dialysis cyclers, peritoneal dialysis solutions, hemodialysis concentrates, solutions and granulates, bloodlines, renal pharmaceuticals, systems for water treatment, and acute cardiopulmonary and apheresis products. In addition, the company develops, acquires, and in-licenses renal pharmaceuticals; offers renal medications and supplies to patients at homes or to dialysis clinics; and provides vascular, cardiovascular, endovascular specialty, vascular care ambulatory surgery center, physician nephrology, ambulant treatment, and other services. The company sells its products to dialysis clinics, hospitals, and specialized treatment clinics, as well as through local sales forces, independent distributors, dealers, and sales agents. Fresenius Medical Care AG was incorporated in 1996 and is headquartered in Bad Homburg, Germany.;tech
FMX;Fomento Económico Mexicano, S.A.B. de C.V., through its subsidiaries, operates as a franchise bottler of Coca-Cola trademark beverages worldwide. It operates through Coca-Cola FEMSA, Proximity Americas Division, Proximity Europe Division, Health Division, Fuel Division, and Others segments. The company produces, markets, and distributes Coca-Cola trademark beverages in Mexico, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama, Colombia, Venezuela, Brazil, Argentina, and Uruguay. It also operates small-box retail chain stores in Mexico, Colombia, Peru, Chile, Brazil, and the United States under the OXXO name; retail service stations for fuels, motor oils, lubricants, and car care products under the OXXO GAS name in Mexico; and drugstores in Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, and Mexico under the Cruz Verde, Fybeca, Sana Sana, YZA, La Moderna, and Farmacon names. In addition, the company provides transport logistics and maintenance services in Mexico, Brazil, and Colombia; processes electronic transactions for small and medium-sized businesses under the Spin name; and engages in the proximity discount grocery business under the Bara name. Further, it operates small-box retail and foodvenience chain stores in Switzerland, Germany, Austria, Luxembourg, and the Netherlands under the k kiosk, Brezelkönig, BackWerk, Ditsch, Press & Books, avec, Caffè Spettacolo, and ok. brands. Fomento Económico Mexicano, S.A.B. de C.V. was founded in 1890 and is headquartered in Monterrey, Mexico.;tech
FN;Fabrinet provides optical packaging and precision optical, electro-mechanical, and electronic manufacturing services in North America, the Asia-Pacific, and Europe. The company offers a range of advanced optical and electro-mechanical capabilities in the manufacturing process, including process design and engineering, supply chain management, manufacturing, printed circuit board assembly, packaging, integration, final assembly, and testing. Its products include switching products, including reconfigurable optical add-drop multiplexers, optical amplifiers, modulators, and other optical components and modules that enable network managers to route voice, video, and data communications traffic through fiber optic cables at various wavelengths, speeds, and over various distances. The company's products also comprise transceivers, tunable lasers, and transponders; and active optical cables, which provide high-speed interconnect capabilities for data centers and computing clusters, as well as Infiniband, Ethernet, fiber channel, and optical backplane connectivity. In addition, it provides solid state, diode-pumped, gas, and fiber lasers used in semiconductor processing, biotechnology and medical device, metrology, and material processing industries; and differential pressure, micro-gyro, fuel, and other sensors used in automobiles, as well as non-contact temperature measurement sensors for the medical industry. Further, the company designs and fabricates application-specific crystals, lenses, prisms, mirrors, laser components, and substrates; and other custom and standard borosilicate, clear fused quartz, and synthetic fused silica glass products. It serves original equipment manufacturers of optical communication components, modules and sub-systems, industrial lasers, automotive components, medical devices, and sensors. The company was incorporated in 1999 and is based in George Town, the Cayman Islands.;tech
FNB;F.N.B. Corporation, a bank and financial holding company, provides a range of financial products and services primarily to consumers, corporations, governments, and small- to medium-sized businesses in the United States. The company operates through three segments: Community Banking, Wealth Management, and Insurance. The Community Banking segment offers commercial and consumer banking services, including corporate and small business banking, investment real estate financing, business credit, capital market, and lease financing services. It provides consumer banking products and services, such as deposit products, mortgage and consumer lending services, and mobile and online banking services. The Wealth Management segment provides personal and corporate fiduciary services comprising administration of decedent and trust estates; and securities brokerage and investment advisory services, mutual funds, and annuities. The Insurance segment comprises commercial and personal insurance, and reinsurance products, as well as mezzanine financing options for small- to medium-sized businesses. The company operates community banking branches in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Maryland, West Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Washington, D.C., and Virginia. The company was founded in 1864 and is headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.;tech
FND;Floor & Decor Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a multi-channel specialty retailer of hard surface flooring and related accessories, and commercial surfaces seller in the United States. The company offers wood-based laminate flooring, vinyl, and engineered/composite rigid core vinyl; porcelain and ceramic tile, porcelain mosaics, and porcelain tile slabs; grout, mortar, backer board, tools, adhesives, underlayments, moldings, and stair treads; and decorative tiles and mosaics, which includes natural stone, porcelain, ceramic, glass, wall tile, and decorative trims. The company also provides solid prefinished and unfinished hardwood, engineered hardwood, bamboo, and wood countertops; marble, limestone, travertine, slate, ledger, prefabricated countertops, thresholds, and shower benches; vanities, shower doors, bath accessories, faucets, sinks, custom countertops, bathroom mirrors, and bathroom lighting. It sells products through its warehouse-format stores and five small-format design studios, as well as through Website, FloorandDecor.com. The company serves professional installers, commercial businesses, and homeowners. The company was formerly known as FDO Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to Floor & Decor Holdings, Inc. in April 2017. Floor & Decor Holdings, Inc. was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
FNF;Fidelity National Financial, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides various insurance products in the United States. The company operates through Title, F&G, and Corporate and Other segments. It offers title insurance, escrow, and other title related services, including trust activities, trustee sales guarantees, recordings and reconveyances, and home warranty products. The company also provides technology and transaction services to the real estate and mortgage industries; and mortgage transaction services, including title-related services and facilitation of production and management of mortgage loans. In addition, it offers annuity and life insurance products, such as deferred and immediate annuities, as well as indexed universal life insurance products; and funding agreements and pension risk transfer (PRT) solutions. Further, the company engages in the real estate brokerage business. Fidelity National Financial, Inc. was incorporated in 2005 and is headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida.;tech
FOA;Finance of America Companies Inc. a financial service holding company, through its subsidiaries, provides home equity-based financing solutions for a modern retirement in the United States. It operates through two segments: Retirement Solutions and Portfolio Management. The company offers home equity conversion and non-agency reverse mortgage loans, product development, loan securitization, loan sales, risk management, servicing oversight, and asset management services. The company was founded in 2013 and is headquartered in Plano, Texas.;tech
FOF;Cohen & Steers Closed-End Opportunity Fund, Inc. is a close-ended fund of funds launched by Cohen & Steers Inc. It is managed by Cohen & Steers Capital Management, Inc. The fund invests in funds investing in public equity markets. It also invests in funds investing in convertible securities, preferred securities, high yield securities and real estate, energy, utility, and other equity or income-oriented strategies. The fund makes its investments in funds investing across diversified sectors. It seeks to invest in undervalued funds with market capitalization generally greater than $200 million. The fund employs quantitative analysis to make its investments. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index and the Morningstar U.S. All Taxable Ex-Foreign Equity Index. The fund conducts in-house research to create its portfolios. Cohen & Steers Closed-End Opportunity Fund, Inc. was formed on September 14, 2006 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
FOR;Forestar Group Inc. operates as a residential lot development company in the United States. The company acquires land and develops infrastructure for single-family residential communities. It sells its residential single-family finished lots to local, regional, and national homebuilders. The company was incorporated in 2005 and is headquartered in Arlington, Texas. Forestar Group Inc. operates as a subsidiary of D.R. Horton, Inc.;tech
FOUR;Shift4 Payments, Inc. engages in the provision of software and payment processing solutions in the United States and internationally. The company offers payments platform, which provides omni channel card acceptance; and processing solutions across multiple payment types, including credit, debit, contactless card, Europay, MasterCard and Visa, QR Pay, and mobile wallets, as well as alternative payment methods, such as Apple Pay, Google Pay, Alipay, and WeChat Pay. It provides technology solutions, such as SkyTab POS, which provides purpose-built POS workstations; SkyTab Mobile, which provides pay-at-the-table, order-at-the-table, delivery, customer feedback, and email marketing solutions; SkyTab Venue, which provides mobile ordering, countertop POS, self-service kiosk, and digital wallet solutions; Lighthouse, a cloud-based suite of business intelligence tools that includes customer engagement, social media management, online reputation management, scheduling and product pricing, as well as extensive reporting and analytics; The Giving Block, a cryptocurrency donation marketplace; Shift4Shop, an ecommerce platform that creates a webstore and tools to manage product catalog, order fulfillment and inventory management, search engine optimization, and secure hosting; and Marketplace that enables integrations into third-party applications, as well as loyalty and inventory management. In addition, the company provides merchant operations and support services, including underwriting, onboarding, and activation; training; risk management; and support. It also provides software partner operations and support services, including software integrations and compliance management; partner support; and partner services. The company distributes its products through independent software vendors, internal sales and support network, enterprises, and value-added resellers. The company was founded in 1999 and is headquartered in Center Valley, Pennsylvania.;tech
FPH;Five Point Holdings, LLC designs, owns, and develops mixed-use planned communities in Orange County, Los Angeles County, and San Francisco County. The company operates through three segments: Valencia, San Francisco, and Great Park. It sells residential and commercial land sites to homebuilders, commercial developers, and commercial buyers by providing development management services; operates and owns a commercial office, research and development, medical campus, and other properties; and provides development and property management services. The company was formerly known as Newhall Holding Company, LLC and changed its name to Five Point Holdings, LLC in May 2016. Five Point Holdings, LLC was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in Irvine, California.;tech
FR;First Industrial Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE: FR) is a leading U.S.-only owner, operator, developer and acquirer of logistics properties. Through our fully integrated operating and investing platform, we provide high quality facilities and industry-leading customer service to multinational corporations and regional firms that are essential for their supply chains. Our portfolio and new investments are concentrated in 15 target MSAs with an emphasis on supply-constrained, coastally oriented markets. In total, we own and have under development approximately 70.5 million square feet of industrial space as of June 30, 2025.;tech
FRGE;Forge Global Holdings, Inc. operates a financial services platform in California. The company's platform solutions include marketplace solutions, a private market platform which is designed to connect buyers looking to invest in private companies and sellers of company shares and related products; private company solutions, a private company to deliver comprehensive, tailored solutions for their liquidity and capital formation; asset management solutions for fund creation and management, redemption of fund units, and secured cash management; and data solutions for derived data and indices. It also provides custody solutions for self-directed IRA accounts and custody-as-a-service. The company was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
FRT;Federal Realty is a recognized leader in the ownership, operation and redevelopment of high-quality retail-based properties located primarily in major coastal markets and select underserved regions with strong economic and demographic fundamentals. Founded in 1962, Federal Realty's mission is to deliver long-term, sustainable growth through investing in communities where retail demand exceeds supply. This includes a portfolio of open-air shopping centers and mixed-use destinationssuch as Santana Row, Pike & Rose and Assembly Rowwhich together reflect the company's ability to create distinctive, high-performing environments that serve as vibrant destinations for their communities. Federal Realty's 102 properties include approximately 3,500 tenants in 27 million commercial square feet, and approximately 3,000 residential units. Federal Realty has increased its quarterly dividends to its shareholders for 58 consecutive years, the longest record in the REIT industry. The company is an S&P 500 index member, and its shares are traded on the NYSE under the symbol FRT.;tech
FSK;FS KKR Capital Corp. is a business development company specializing in investments in debt securities. It provides customized credit solutions to private middle market U.S. companies. It invest primarily in the senior secured debt and, to a lesser extent, the subordinated debt of private middle market U.S. companies. It seeks to purchase interests in loans through secondary market transactions or directly from the target companies as primary market investments. It also seeks to invest in first lien senior secured loans, second lien secured loans and, to a lesser extent, subordinated loans, or mezzanine loans. In connection with the debt investments, the firm also receives equity interests such as warrants or options as additional consideration. It also seek to purchase minority interests in the form of common or preferred equity in our target companies, either in conjunction with one of the debt investments or through a co-investment with a financial sponsor. Additionally, on an opportunistic basis, the fund may also invest in corporate bonds and similar debt securities. The fund does not seek to invest in start-up companies, turnaround situations, or companies with speculative business plans. It seeks to invest in small and middle-market companies based in United States. The fund seeks to invest in firms with annual revenue between $10 million to $2.5 billion. It focus on providing customized one-stop credit solutions to private upper middle market companies with annual EBITDA of $50 million to $100 million at the time of investment. It seeks to exit from securities by selling them in a privately negotiated over- the- counter market. For any investments that are not able to be sold within the secondary market, the firm seeks to exit such investments through repayment, an initial public offering of equity securities, merger, sale or recapitalization.;tech
FSLY;Fastly, Inc. operates an edge cloud platform for processing, serving, and securing its customer's applications in the United States, the Asia Pacific, Europe, and internationally. The edge cloud is a category of Infrastructure as a Service that enables developers to build, secure, and deliver digital experiences at the edge of the internet. The company offers network services to speed up and optimize the delivery of web and application traffic; content delivery network, such as dynamic site acceleration, origin shield, instant purge, surrogate keys, programmatic control, content compression, reliability features, fanout, domainr, privacy, and modern protocols and performance services; and video/ streaming solutions and services, including live streaming, live event monitoring, video on demand, and media shield. It also provides security solutions, such as DDoS protection, next-gen WAF, bot management, API and ATO protection, advanced rate limiting, privacy, and compliance services; load balancing; image optimization; transport layer security (TLS), platform TLS, and certainly; compute: observability; and origin connect. In addition, the company offers professional services comprising managed and response security services; managed CDN; and support plans services. It serves customers operating in digital publishing, media, technology, online education, travel and hospitality, and financial services industries. The company was formerly known as SkyCache, Inc. and changed its name to Fastly, Inc. in May 2012. Fastly, Inc. was incorporated in 2011 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
FSS;Federal Signal Corporation designs, manufactures, and supplies a suite of products and integrated solutions for municipal, governmental, industrial, and commercial customers in the United States, Canada, Europe, and internationally. It operates through two segments, Environmental Solutions Group, and Safety and Security Systems Group. The company offers street sweepers, sewer cleaners, industrial vacuum loaders, safe-digging trucks, dump truck bodies, and trailers, as well as waterblasting, road-marking, line-removal, metal extraction support equipment, and multi-purpose maintenance vehicles under the Elgin, Vactor, Guzzler, TRUVAC, Westech, Jetstream, Blasters, Mark Rite Lines, Trackless, Ox Bodies, Crysteel, J-Craft, Duraclass, Rugby, Travis, OSW, NTE, WTB, Ground Force, TowHaul, Bucks, and Switch-N-Go brands; and provides refuse and recycling collection vehicles through a dealer network or direct sales to service customers. It is also involved in sale of parts, service and repair, equipment rentals, and training. The company also provides systems for community alerting, emergency vehicles, first responder interoperable communications, and industrial communications; public safety equipment, such as vehicle lightbars and sirens, industrial signaling equipment, public warning systems, and general alarm/public address systems under the Federal Signal, Federal Signal VAMA, and Victor brand names through wholesalers, distributors, independent manufacturer representatives, original equipment manufacturers, and direct sales force, as well as independent foreign distributors. Federal Signal Corporation was founded in 1901 and is based in Downers Grove, Illinois.;tech
FT;Franklin Universal Trust is a closed-ended balanced mutual fund launched by Franklin Resources, Inc. The fund is managed by Franklin Advisers, Inc. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. The fund invests in companies operating in utility sector. It employs fundamental analysis to invest in a diversified portfolio of corporate bonds and dividend paying utility stocks. The fund benchmarks the equity component of its balanced portfolio against the S&P 500 Electric Utilities Index and the fixed component against the Credit Suisse High Yield. Franklin Universal Trust was formed on September 23, 1988 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
FTI;TechnipFMC plc engages in the energy projects, technologies, systems, and services businesses in Europe, Central Asia, North America, Latin America, the Asia Pacific, Africa, the Middle East, and internationally. It operates through two segments, Subsea and Surface Technologies. The Subsea segment engages in the design, engineering, procurement, manufacturing, fabrication, installation, and life of field services for subsea systems, subsea field infrastructure, and subsea pipeline systems used in oil and natural gas production and transportation. It provides subsea production and processing system; flexible pipe; subsea umbilicals, risers, and flowlines; vessels; robotics; well and asset services; and Subsea Studio for optimizing the development, execution, and operation of current and future subsea fields. The Surface Technologies segment designs, manufactures, and services products and systems used in land and shallow water exploration and production of oil and natural gas. This segment offers drilling; surface wellheads and production trees systems; iComplete, a pressure control system; fracturing tree systems, fracturing valve greasing systems, hydraulic or electric control units, service-less valves, fracturing manifold systems, and rigid and flexible flowlines; flexible pipes; safety and integrity systems, multiphase meter modules, in-line separation and processing systems, compact ball valves for manifolds, and standard pumps; well control and integrity systems; and skid solutions. It also offers planning, testing and installation, commissioning, operations, replacement and upgrade, maintenance, storage, preservation, intervention, integrity, decommissioning, and abandonment; and supplies flowline products and services. TechnipFMC plc was founded in 1884 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
FTK;Flotek Industries, Inc. operates as a technology-driven green chemistry and data company that serves customers across industrial and commercial markets in the United States, the United Arab Emirates, and internationally. It operates through two segments: Chemistry Technologies (CT) and Data Analytics (DA). The CT segment designs, develops, manufactures, packages, and distributes green specialty chemicals that enhance the profitability of hydrocarbon producers, as well as specialty chemistries, and logistics and technology services. This segment primarily serves integrated oil and gas, oilfield services, independent oil and gas, national and state-owned oil, geothermal energy, solar energy, and alternative energy companies. The DA segment provides analytical measurement solutions to deliver real-time information and insights to enable optimization of operations and reduction of emissions and their carbon intensity. It sells its products directly through a mix of in-house sales professionals, as well as contractual agency agreements. Flotek Industries, Inc. was incorporated in 1985 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
FTS;Fortis Inc. operates as an electric and gas utility company in Canada, the United States, and the Caribbean countries. It generates, transmits, and distributes electricity to approximately 452,000 retail customers in southeastern Arizona, including the greater Tucson metropolitan area; and 105,000 retail customers in southeastern Arizona with an aggregate capacity of 3,442 megawatts (MW). The company also sells wholesale electricity to other entities in the western United States; owns gas-fired and hydroelectric generating capacity totaling 43 MW; and distributes natural gas to approximately 1,0,000 residential, commercial, and industrial customers in British Columbia, Canada. In addition, it owns and operates the electricity distribution system that serves approximately 592,000 customers in southern and central Alberta; owns four hydroelectric generating facilities with a combined capacity of 225 MW; and provides operation, maintenance, and management services to hydroelectric generating facilities. Further, the company distributes electricity in the island portion of Newfoundland and Labrador with an installed generating capacity of 145 MW; and on Prince Edward Island with a generating capacity of 90 MW. Additionally, it provides integrated electric utility service to approximately 70,000 customers in Ontario; approximately 277,000 customers in Newfoundland and Labrador; approximately 35,000 customers on Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands; and approximately 18,000 customers on certain islands in Turks and Caicos. It also owns and operates approximately 91,100 circuit Kilometers (km) of distribution lines; and approximately 51,700 km of natural gas pipelines. Fortis Inc. was founded in 1885 and is headquartered in Saint John's, Canada.;tech
FTV;Fortive Corporation designs, develops, manufactures, and markets products, software, and services in the United States, China, and internationally. It operates through Intelligent Operating Solutions and Advanced Healthcare Solutions segments. The Intelligent Operating Solutions segment provides advanced instrumentation, software, and services, including electrical test and measurement, facility and asset lifecycle software applications, and connected worker safety and compliance solutions for manufacturing, process industries, healthcare, utilities and power, communications and electronics, and other industries. This segment markets its products and services under the ACCRUENT, FLUKE, GORDIAN, INDUSTRIAL SCIENTIFIC, INTELEX, PRUFTECHNIK, and SERVICECHANNEL brand names. The Advanced Healthcare Solutions segment provides critical workflow solutions comprising instrument sterilization, instrument tracking, design and manufacture of cell therapy equipment, biomedical test tools, radiation detection and safety monitoring, and end-to-end clinical productivity software and solutions under the ASP, CENSIS, CENSITRAC, EVOTECH, FLUKE BIOMEDICAL, INVETECH, LANDAUER, PROVATION, RAYSAFE, and STERRAD brand names. Fortive Corporation was incorporated in 2015 and is headquartered in Everett, Washington.;tech
FTWO;The fund seeks to track the investment results of the index, which measures the performance of companies that are engaged in national security and natural resource security as defined by Bloomberg. The index includes large- and mid-capitalization companies. Under normal circumstances, at least 80% of the fund’s net assets, plus the amount of any borrowings for investment purposes will be invested in the Natural Resources and Security Sectors. The fund is non-diversified.;tech
FUBO;fuboTV Inc. operates a live TV streaming platform for live sports, news, and entertainment content in the United States and internationally. The company's platform allows customers to access content through streaming devices, as well as on SmartTVs, mobile phones, tablets, and computers. fuboTV Inc. was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
FUL;H.B. Fuller Company, together with its subsidiaries, formulates, manufactures, and markets adhesives, sealants, coatings, polymers, tapes, encapsulants, additives, and other specialty chemical products. It operates through three segments: Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives; Engineering Adhesives; and Construction Adhesives. The Hygiene, Health and Consumable Adhesives segment produces and supplies specialty industrial adhesives, such as thermoplastic, thermoset, reactive, water-based, and solvent-based products for applications in various markets, including packaging, converting, nonwoven and hygiene, and health and beauty. The Engineering Adhesives segment produces and supplies high performance industrial adhesives comprising reactive, light cure, two-part liquids, polyurethane, silicone, film, and fast cure products to the durable assembly, performance wood and textile, transportation, electronics, clean energy, aerospace and defense, appliance, heavy machinery, and insulating glass markets. The Construction Adhesives segment provides products used for tile setting, commercial roofing, heating, ventilation, and air conditioning and insulation applications, as well as caulks and sealants for the consumer market and professional trade. The company sells its products directly to customers, as well as through distributors and retailers in North America, Latin America, Europe, India, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. H.B. Fuller Company was founded in 1887 and is headquartered in Saint Paul, Minnesota.;tech
FUN;Six Flags Entertainment Corporation operates amusement parks and resort properties in North America. It operates amusement parks, water parks, and resorts in the United States, Mexico, and Canada. The company was formerly known as Cedar Fair, L.P. and changed its name to Six Flags Entertainment Corporation in July 2024. Six Flags Entertainment Corporation was founded in 1983 and is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina.;tech
FVR;FrontView is an internally-managed net-lease REIT that acquires, owns and manages primarily properties with frontage that are net leased to a diversified group of tenants. FrontView is differentiated by an investment approach focused on properties that are in prominent locations with direct frontage on high-traffic roads that are highly visible to consumers. As of March 31, 2025, FrontView owned a well-diversified portfolio of 323 properties with direct frontage across 37 U.S. states. FrontView focuses on service-oriented tenants, including restaurants, cellular stores, financial institutions, automotive stores and dealers, medical and dental providers, convenience and gas stores, pharmacies, car washes, home improvement stores, grocery stores, fitness operators, professional services as well as general retail tenants.;tech
FVRR;Fiverr International Ltd. operates an online marketplace worldwide. The company's platform enables sellers to sell their services and buyers to buy them. Its platform offers digital services, including logo design and blog post writing, video creation, website development, and social media marketing services. The company also provides value added services comprising Fiverr Ads, an advertising tool that allows sellers to promote services on platform; Seller Plus, a subscription program that equips sellers with tools, such as advanced analytics and marketing capabilities; AutoDS, an end-to-end dropshipping automation tool that allows customers to track orders across channels; and financial tools, including faster withdrawal, local currency payout, and cash advance for sellers. Its buyers include businesses of various sizes, as well as sellers comprise a group of freelancers and agencies. Fiverr International Ltd. was incorporated in 2010 and is headquartered in Tel Aviv, Israel.;tech
G;Genpact Limited provides business process outsourcing and information technology services in India, rest of Asia, North and Latin America, and Europe. It operates through three segments: Financial services; Consumer and Healthcare; and High Tech and Manufacturing. The Financial Services segment offers customer onboarding, customer service, collections, retail and commercial loan operations, payment operations, mortgage origination and servicing, compliance, wealth management, capital market operations support, financial crime and risk management, underwriting support, new business processing, policy administration, customer, claims management, catastrophe and exposure/risk modeling, and actuarial services; and end-to-end third-party administration for property and casualty claims, and technology services. The Consumer and Healthcare segment provides demand generation, sensing and planning, supply chain planning and management, pricing and trade promotion management, deduction recovery management, order management, digital commerce, customer experience, lifecycle management, regulatory operations, chemistry manufacturing controls compliance, regulatory information management, claims processing and adjudication, claims recovery and payment integrity, revenue cycle management, health equity analytics, and care services. The High Tech and Manufacturing segment offers industry-specific solutions for trust and safety, advertising sales support, customer and user experience, customer care support, supply chain management, direct and indirect procurement, logistics, field, aftermarket support, and engineering services. It also provides digital operation, data-tech-Al, CFO advisory, supply chain, sourcing and procurement, enterprise, and finance and accounting services. The company was founded in 1997 and is based in Hamilton, Bermuda.;tech
GAB;The Gabelli Equity Trust Inc. is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched by GAMCO Investors, Inc. The fund is managed by Gabelli Funds, LLC. It invests in public equity markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in preferred stock, convertible or exchangeable securities, and warrants and rights. The fund primarily invests in value stocks of companies across market capitalizations. It employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. The fund seeks to benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index, Dow Jones Industrial Average, and Nasdaq Composite Index. The Gabelli Equity Trust Inc. was formed on August 21, 1986 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
GAM;General American Investors Company, Inc. is a publicly owned investment manager. The firm invests in the public equity markets of United States. It invests in growth stocks of companies. It makes investments in Information Technology, Financials, Consumer Staples, Consumer Discretionary, Retailing, Communication Services, Industrials, Health Care, Energy and Materials. The firm employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach to make its investments. It conducts in-house research to make its investments. General American Investors Company, Inc. was founded in 1927 and is based in New York, New York.;tech
GAP;The Gap, Inc. operates as an apparel retail company. The company offers apparel, accessories, and personal care products for men, women, and children under the Old Navy, Gap, Banana Republic, and Athleta brands. Its products include adult apparel and accessories; and lifestyle products for use in yoga, training, travel, and recovery activities for women and girls. The company offers its products through company-operated stores, franchise stores, websites, and third-party arrangements, as well as licensing partnerships. It has franchise agreements to operate Old Navy, Gap, Banana Republic, and Athleta in Asia, Europe, Latin America, the Middle East, and Africa. The Gap, Inc. was incorporated in 1969 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
GATX;GATX Corporation, together its subsidiaries, operates as railcar leasing company in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Europe, and India. It operates through three segments: Rail North America, Rail International, and Engine Leasing. The company leases tank and freight railcars, and locomotives for petroleum, chemical, food/agriculture, and transportation industries. It also offers maintenance services, including the interior cleaning of railcars, routine maintenance and repair of car body and safety appliances, regulatory compliance works, wheelset replacements, interior blast and lining, exterior blast and painting, and car stenciling services. In addition, the company manufactures commercial aircraft jet engines and leases aircraft spare engines; and owns and manages tank containers that are leased to chemical, industrial gas, energy, food, cryogenic and pharmaceutical industries, and tank container operators, as well as provides tank container leasing, remarketing, and inspection and maintenance services. As of December 31, 2024, it owned and operated a fleet of approximately 152,000 railcars; 593 four-axle and 68 six-axle locomotives; 427 aircraft spare engines; and 25,041 tank containers. GATX Corporation was founded in 1898 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
GBCI;Glacier Bancorp, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for Glacier Bank that provides commercial banking services to individuals, small to medium-sized businesses, community organizations, and public entities in the United States. It offers retail banking; business banking; and mortgage origination and loan servicing services. The company also accepts deposit products, including non-interest bearing deposit and interest bearing deposit accounts, such as negotiable order of withdrawal, demand deposit accounts, savings, money market deposits, fixed rate certificates of deposit, negotiated-rate jumbo certificates, and individual retirement accounts. In addition, it offers construction and permanent loans on residential real estate, consumer land or lot loans, and unimproved land and land development loans, construction loans, commercial real estate loans, agricultural and consumer lending, home equity loans, and states and political subdivisions lending, as well as residential builder guidance lines comprising pre-sold and spec-home construction, and lot acquisition loans. Glacier Bancorp, Inc. was founded in 1955 and is headquartered in Kalispell, Montana.;tech
GBLI;Global Indemnity Group, LLC, through its subsidiaries, provides specialty property and casualty insurance, and reinsurance products in the United States. It operates through two segments: Penn-America and Non-Core Operations. The company distributes property and general liability products for small commercial businesses through a network of wholesale general agents; and property and general liability niche products through program administrators with specific binding authority. It also provides small-to-medium sized financially sound insurers in niche product lines that are contracted through reinsurance brokers/intermediaries. In addition, the company offers property and general liability products distributed using company administered systems, and includes collectibles, digital direct-to-consumer insurance coverage for owners of collections; and VacantExpress, insurance coverage for owners of properties under construction, renovation, vacant, or rented, distributed through wholesale general agents and retail agents. Global Indemnity Group, LLC was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in Bala Cynwyd, Pennsylvania.;tech
GBTG;Global Business Travel Group, Inc. provides business-to-business (B2B) travel platform in the United States, the United Kingdom, and internationally. The company's platform provides a suite of technology-enabled solutions to business travelers and clients; travel content suppliers, such as airlines, hotels, ground transportation providers, and aggregators; and third-party travel agencies. It also offers consulting, meetings and events planning, and outsourced services; and manages end-to-end logistics of business travel, as well as provides a link between businesses and their employees, travel suppliers, and other industry participants. In addition, the company provides Amex GBT Egencia, a digital travel platform; Amex GBT Neo1, an online spend management platform to manage business expenses, including travel; Amex GBT Neo, a customizable global travel platform; Amex GBT Select, a flexible solution to give insights and control across their travel spend; and Amex GBT Ovation, a touch travel solution and personalized corporate travel servicing platform. Global Business Travel Group, Inc. was founded in 2014 and is based in New York, New York.;tech
GBX;The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets railroad freight car equipment in North America, Europe, and South America. It operates through three segments: Manufacturing; Maintenance Services; and Leasing & Management Services. The Manufacturing segment offers covered hopper cars, gondolas, open top hoppers, boxcars, center partition cars, tank cars, sustainable conversions, intermodal railcars, and railcar equipment. The Maintenance Services segment provides wheel services, including reconditioning of wheels and axles, new axle machining and finishing, and downsizing; operates a railcar maintenance network; and reconditions and manufactures railcar cushioning units, couplers, yokes, side frames, bolsters, and various other parts. The Leasing & Management Services segment offers operating leases and per diem leases for a fleet of approximately 15,500 railcars; and management services comprising railcar maintenance management, railcar accounting services, fleet management and logistics, administration, and railcar re-marketing. This segment provides management services for railroads, shippers, carriers, institutional investors, and other leasing and transportation companies. It serves railroads, leasing companies, financial institutions, shippers, carriers, and transportation companies. The company was founded in 1974 and is headquartered in Lake Oswego, Oregon.;tech
GCI;Gannett Co., Inc. operates as a media and digital marketing solutions company in the United States. It operates through three segments: Domestic Gannett Media, Newsquest, and Digital Marketing Solutions. The company's print offerings include home delivery on a subscription basis; single copy; and non-daily publications, such as shoppers and niche publications. It also provides digital-only subscription, including local media brands, USA TODAY NETWORK community events platform, magazines, sports, and games; and E-newspapers; and digital advertising and marketing services. In addition, the company offers digital news and media brands; daily and weekly newspapers; digital advertising and marketing products and solutions under the LocaliQ brand; cloud-based platform that offers a suite of products and solutions for marketing automation, AI-driven advertising optimization, and customizable reporting; commercial printing and distribution arrangements services; and prints commercial materials, including flyers, business cards, and invitations. The company was formerly known as New Media Investment Group Inc. and changed its name to Gannett Co., Inc. in November 2019. Gannett Co., Inc. was incorporated in 2013 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
GCO;Genesco Inc. operates as a retailer and wholesaler of footwear, apparel, and accessories. The company operates through four segments: Journeys Group, Schuh Group, Johnston & Murphy Group, and Genesco Brands Group. The Journeys Group segment offers footwear and accessories for young men, women, and children through the Journeys, Journeys Kidz, and Little Burgundy retail chains, as well as through e-commerce operations. The Schuh Group segment operates Schuh retail footwear stores that offer casual and athletic footwear, as well as sells footwear through e-commerce. The Johnston & Murphy Group segment is involved in the retail and e-commerce operations; and wholesale distribution of footwear, apparel, and accessories primarily for men. The Genesco Brands Group segment markets footwear under the Levi's, Dockers, G.H. Bass, and other brands. The company provides its products through catalogs and e-commerce websites, including journeys.com, journeyskidz.com, journeys.ca, schuh.co.uk, schuh.ie, schuh.eu, littleburgundyshoes.com, johnstonmurphy.com, nashvilleshoewarehouse.com, and dockersshoes.com. It operates retail stores in the United States, Puerto Rico, Canada, the United Kingdom, and the Republic of Ireland primarily under the Journeys, Journeys Kidz, Schuh, Little Burgundy, and Johnston & Murphy brands. Genesco Inc. was incorporated in 1934 and is headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee.;tech
GCTS;GCT Semiconductor Holding, Inc., operates as a fabless semiconductor company, designs, develops, and markets integrated circuits for the wireless semiconductor industry. The company provides RF and modem chipsets based on 4G LTE technology, including 4G LTE, 4.5G LTE Advanced, and 4.75G LTE Advanced-Pro. It develops and sells cellular IoT chipsets for low-speed mobile networks such as eMTC/NB-IOT/Sigfox, and other network protocols; and 5G solutions. Its products and solutions are used in smartphones, tablets, customer premises equipment, USB dongles, routers, and M2M applications. The company sells its products directly or indirectly through distributors to original equipment manufacturers and original design manufacturers primarily in Taiwan, China, Korea and Japan, Europe, North America and South America. The company was formerly known as Global Communication Technology, Inc. GCT Semiconductor Holding, Inc. was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in San Jose, California.;tech
GCV;The Gabelli Convertible and Income Securities Fund Inc. is a closed-ended balanced mutual fund launched by GAMCO Investors, Inc. The fund is managed by Gabelli Funds, LLC. It invests in public equity and fixed income markets. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in convertible securities and other debt and equity securities. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Standard & Poor's 500 Index, Barclays Government/Credit Bond Index, and Lipper Convertible Securities Fund Average. It was formerly known as Gabelli Convertible Securities Fund Inc. The Gabelli Convertible and Income Securities Fund Inc. was formed on December 19, 1988 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
GD;General Dynamics Corporation operates as an aerospace and defense company worldwide. It operates through four segments: Aerospace, Marine Systems, Combat Systems, and Technologies. The Aerospace segment produces and sells business jets; and offers aircraft maintenance and repair, management, aircraft-on-ground support and completion, charter, staffing, and fixed-base operator services. The Marine Systems segment designs and builds nuclear-powered submarines, surface combatants, and auxiliary ships for the United States Navy and Jones Act ships for commercial customers, as well as builds crude oil and product tankers, and container and cargo ships; provides maintenance, modernization, and lifecycle support services for navy ships; offers and program management, planning, engineering, and design support services for submarine construction programs. The Combat Systems segment manufactures land combat solutions, such as wheeled and tracked combat vehicles, Stryker wheeled combat vehicles, piranha vehicles, weapons systems, munitions, mobile bridge systems with payloads, tactical vehicles, main battle tanks, and armored vehicles; and offers modernization programs, engineering, support, and sustainment services. The Technologies segment provides information technology solutions and mission support services; mobile communication, computers, and command-and-control mission systems; intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance solutions to military, intelligence, and federal civilian customers; cloud services, cybersecurity, network modernization, artificial intelligence; machine learning; application development, high-performance computing, and 5G and next-generation wireless communications services; and unmanned undersea vehicle manufacturing and assembly services. The company was founded in 1899 and is headquartered in Reston, Virginia.;tech
GDDY;GoDaddy Inc. engages in the design and development of cloud-based products in the United States and internationally. It operates in two segments: Applications and Commerce (A&C), and Core Platform (Core). The A&C segment offers applications products, including Websites + Marketing, a mobile-optimized online tool that enables customers to build websites and e-commerce enabled online stores; and Managed WordPress, a streamlined and optimized website building that allows customers to build and manage a WordPress site; Managed WooCommerce Stores to sell anything and anywhere online; and marketing tools and services, such as GoDaddy Studio mobile application, search engine optimization, Meta and Google My Business, and email and social media marketing designed to help businesses acquire and engage customers and create content. The segment also offers connected commerce comprising Smart Terminal, a dual screen all-in-one point-of-sale system that allows customers to manage in-store inventory and product catalogs and accept payments; GoDaddy Payments, a payment facilitator that enables customers to accept various forms of payments; and email service plans with a multi-feature web interface, and Microsoft 365 accounts that connects to customers' domains. The Core segment offers domain products, including primary registrations, domain aftermarket platform, and domain name add-ons, as well as GoDaddy Registry, a provider of domain name registry services; and hosting and security services comprising shared website hosting and virtual private servers, as well as security products with a suite of tools designed to help secure customers' online presence. The company serves small businesses, individuals, organizations, developers, designers, and domain investors. GoDaddy Inc. was founded in 1997 and is headquartered in Tempe, Arizona.;tech
GDL;The GDL Fund is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched by GAMCO Investors, Inc. It is managed by Gabelli Funds, LLC. The fund invests in public equity markets across the globe. It invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund invests in securities of companies involved in publicly announced mergers, takeovers, tender offers, and leveraged buyouts. It also invests in companies undergoing corporate reorganizations involving stubs, spin-offs, and liquidations. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against Bank of America Merrill Lynch 3 Month U.S. Treasury Bill Index. It was formerly known as Gabelli Global Deal Fund. The GDL Fund was formed on October 17, 2006 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
GDO;Western Asset Global Corporate Defined Opportunity Fund Inc. is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Legg Mason Partners Fund Advisor, LLC. The fund is co-managed by Western Asset Management Company, Western Asset Management Company Pte. Ltd., Western Asset Management Company Ltd., and Western Asset Management Company Limited. It invests in the fixed income markets across the globe. The fund invests in investment grade debt securities. It employs intensive proprietary research to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Capital Global Aggregate Corporate Index. It was formerly known as Western Asset Global Credit Defined Opportunity Fund Inc. Western Asset Global Corporate Defined Opportunity Fund Inc. was formed on September 17, 2009 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
GDOT;Green Dot Corporation, a financial technology and registered bank holding company, provides various financial services to consumers and businesses in the United States. It operates through three segments: Consumer Services, Business to Business Services, and Money Movement Services. The company provides deposit account programs, including consumer and small business checking account products, network-branded reloadable prepaid debit cards and gift cards, and secured credit programs. It offers money processing services, such as cash transfer services that enable consumers to deposit or pick up cash and pay bills with cash at the point-of-sale at any participating retailer; and disbursement services, which enable wages and authorized funds disbursement to its deposit account programs and accounts issued by any third-party bank or program manager. In addition, the company offers tax processing services consisting of tax refund transfers, which provide the processing technology to facilitate receipt of a taxpayers' refund proceeds; small business lending to independent tax preparation providers that seek small advances; and fast cash advance, a loan that enables tax refund recipients. Green Dot Corporation was incorporated in 1999 and is headquartered in Provo, Utah.;tech
GDV;The Gabelli Dividend & Income Trust is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched by GAMCO Investors, Inc. The fund is managed by Gabelli Funds, LLC. It invests in public equity markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in dividend paying stocks of companies. The fund seeks to benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against a combination of the S&P 500 Index, Dow Jones Industrial Average, and Nasdaq Composite Index. Gabelli Dividend & Income Trust was formed on November 28, 2003 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
GE;General Electric Company, doing business as GE Aerospace, designs and produces commercial and defense aircraft engines, integrated engine components, electric power, and mechanical aircraft systems. The company operates through two reportable segments, Commercial Engines & Services, and Defense & Propulsion Technologies. The Commercial Engines & Services segment designs, develops, manufactures, maintenance, repair, and overhaul (MRO) services of jet engines and sale of spare parts for commercial airframes, business aviation, and aeroderivative applications. The Defense & Propulsion Technologies segment provides designs, develops, manufactures, and MRO services jet engines and avionics and power systems for governments, militaries and commercial airframers, as well as sale of spare parts. This segment also offers small turboprop engines, aeroengine mechanical transmissions, turbines, combustors and controls, additive manufacturing, propeller systems, ignition systems, sensors and engine accessories for both fixed wing and rotorcraft applications. The company operates in the United States, Europe, China, rest of Asia, the Americas, the Middle East, and Africa. General Electric Company was incorporated in 1892 and is based in Evendale, Ohio.;tech
GEF;Greif, Inc. engages in the production and sale of industrial packaging products and services worldwide. The company manufactures rigid industrial packaging products, such as steel, fibre and plastic drums, rigid intermediate bulk containers, jerrycans and other small plastics, closure systems for industrial packaging products, transit protection products, water bottles; and remanufactured and reconditioned industrial containers, and services, such as container life cycle management, logistics, warehousing and other packaging services. It also produces and sells containerboard, corrugated sheets, corrugated containers and other corrugated products to customers in industries such as packaging, automotive, food and building products. In addition, it produces and sells coated recycled paperboard and uncoated recycled paperboard; and bulk and specialty partitions made from both containerboard and uncoated recycled paperboard. Further, it purchases and sells recycled fiber; and produces and sells adhesives. Additionally, the company engages in the harvesting and regeneration of timber properties; and sale of timberland and special use properties. The company was formerly known as Greif Bros. Corporation and changed its name to Greif, Inc. in 2001. Greif, Inc. was founded in 1877 and is headquartered in Delaware, Ohio.;tech
GEL;Genesis Energy, L.P. engages in the midstream segment of the crude oil and natural gas industry in the United States. It operates through Offshore Pipeline Transportation; Soda and Sulfur Services; Marine Transportation; and Onshore Facilities and Transportation segments. The Offshore Pipeline Transportation segment engages in offshore crude oil and natural gas pipeline transportation and handling operations, as well as deep water pipeline servicing. This segment also owns interests in offshore crude oil and natural gas pipeline systems, platforms, and related infrastructure. Its Soda and Sulfur Services segment engages in the provision of sulfur removal services; operation of storage and transportation assets; and sale and delivery of sodium hydrosulfide (NaHS) and caustic soda (NaOH), as well as operation of NaHS and caustic soda terminals. The Marine Transportation segment includes inland marine fleet, which transports intermediate refined petroleum products, such as asphalt; offshore marine fleet, which transports crude oil and refined petroleum products; and M/T American Phoenix, a double-hulled tanker. Its Onshore Facilities and Transportation segment engages in the provision of onshore facilities and transportation services to crude oil refiners and producers by purchasing, transporting, storing, blending, and marketing crude oil and refined products; and operation of trucks, trailers, railcars, terminals, and tankage in various locations along the Gulf Coast. This segment also owns onshore common carrier crude oil pipeline systems and operational crude oil rail unloading facilities. Genesis Energy, L.P. was incorporated in 1996 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
GENI;Genius Sports Limited engages in the development and sale of technology-led products and services to the sports, sports betting, and sports media industries. It offers technology infrastructure for the collection, integration, and distribution of live data of sports leagues; streaming solutions comprising technology, automatic production, and distribution for sports to commercialize video footage of their games; and end-to-end integrity services to sports leagues, such as full-time active monitoring technology, which uses mathematical algorithms to identify and flag suspicious betting activity in global betting markets, as well as a full suite of online and offline educational and consultancy services. The company also provides live sports data collection; pre-game and in-game odds feeds; risk management services, including customer profiling, monitoring of incoming bets, automated acceptance and rejection of bets, and limit setting; live streaming services; creation, delivery, and optimization of digital marketing campaigns. The company was formerly known as Genius Sports Group Limited and changed its name to Genius Sports Limited in April 2021. Genius Sports Limited was founded in 2001 and is based in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
GEO;The GEO Group, Inc. owns, leases, operates, and manages secure facilities, processing centers, and community-based reentry facilities in the United States, Australia, the United Kingdom, and South Africa. The company operates through four segments: U.S. Secure Services; Electronic Monitoring and Supervision Services; Reentry Services; and International Services. It also provides secure facility management services, including the provision of security, administrative, rehabilitation, education, and food services; reentry services, such as temporary housing, programming, employment assistance, and other services; electronic monitoring and supervision services; and secure transportation services, as well as designs, constructs, and finances new facilities through projects. The company was founded in 1984 and is based in Boca Raton, Florida.;tech
GES;Guess?, Inc. designs, markets, distributes, and licenses lifestyle collections of apparel and accessories for men, women, and children. It operates through five segments: Americas Retail, Americas Wholesale, Europe, Asia, and Licensing. The company's clothing collection includes jeans, pants, skirts, dresses, shorts, blouses, shirts, jackets, activewear, knitwear, and intimate apparel. It also grants licenses to design, manufacture, and distribute various products that complement its apparel lines, such as eyewear, watches, handbags, footwear, kids' and infants' apparel, fragrance, jewelry, and other fashion accessories, as well as to wholesale partners to operate and sell products through licensed retail stores. The company markets its products under the GUESS, GUESS?, GUESS U.S.A., GUESS Jeans, GUESS? and Triangle Design, MARCIANO, Question Mark and Triangle Design, a stylized G and a stylized M, GUESS Kids, Baby GUESS, YES, G by GUESS, GUESS by MARCIANO, and Gc brand names. It sells its products through direct-to-consumer, wholesale, and licensing distribution channels, as well as through retail websites. Guess?, Inc. was founded in 1981 and is based in Bioggio, Switzerland.;tech
GETY;Getty Images Holdings, Inc. provides creative and editorial visual content solutions in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Asia-Pacific. It offers creative, which includes royalty-free photos, illustrations, vectors, videos, and generative AI-services; editorial, which consists of photos and videos covering entertainment, sports, and news; and other products and services, such as music licensing, digital asset management, distribution services, print sales, and data access and/or licensing. The company also provides its stills, images, and videos through its website Gettyimages.com, which serves enterprise agency, media, and corporate customers; iStock.com, an e-commerce platform that primarily serves small and medium-sized businesses, including the freelance market; Unsplash.com, a platform that offers free stock photo downloads and paid subscriptions to high-growth prosumer and semi-professional creator segments; and Unsplash+, an unlimited paid subscription that provides access to model released content with expanded legal protections. In addition, it maintains privately-owned photographic archives covering news, sport, and entertainment, as well as variety of subjects, including lifestyle, business, science, health, wellness, beauty, sports, transportation, and travel. The company was founded in 1995 and is headquartered in Seattle, Washington.;tech
GEV;GE Vernova Inc., an energy company, engages in the provision of various products and services that generate, transfer, orchestrate, convert, and store electricity in the United States, Europe, Asia, the Americas, the Middle East, and Africa. The company operates through three segments: Power, Wind, and Electrification. The Power segment designs, manufactures, and services gas, nuclear, hydro, and steam technologies. The Wind segment offers wind generation technologies, including onshore and offshore wind turbines and blades. The Electrification segment provides grid solutions, power conversion, solar, and storage solutions; and electrification software for the transmission, distribution, conversion, storage, and orchestration of electricity from point of generation to point of consumption. The company was incorporated in 2023 and is headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts.;tech
GF;The New Germany Fund Inc. is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched by Deutsche Investment Management Americas Inc. The fund is managed by Deutsche Asset Management International GmbH. It invests in the public equity markets of Germany. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in stocks of small and mid cap companies. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Midcap Market Performance Index. The New Germany Fund Inc. was formed on January 16, 1990 and is domiciled in Germany.;tech
GFF;Griffon Corporation, through its subsidiaries, provides consumer and professional, and home and building products in the United States, Europe, Canada, Australia, and internationally. The company operates through two segments: Home and Building Products, and Consumer and Professional Products. The Home and Building Products segment manufactures and markets residential and commercial sectional garage doors, rolling steel service doors, fire doors, shutters, steel security grilles, and room dividers for the use in commercial construction and repair, and home remodeling applications. The segment also sells related products, such as garage door openers. The Consumer and Professional Products segment manufactures and markets long-handled engineered tools, including spades, shovels, spades, scoops, rakes, hoes, cultivators, weeders, post hole diggers, scrapers, edgers, and forks; wheelbarrows and lawn carts; snow tools comprising shovels, pushers, roof rakes, sled sleigh shovels, scoops, and ice scrapers; and pruning products, such as pruners, loppers, shears, and other tools. The segment also offers striking tools, including axes, picks, mattocks, mauls, wood splitters, sledgehammers, pry bars, and repair handles; hand tools comprising hammers, screwdrivers, pliers, adjustable wrenches, handsaws, tape measures, levels, clamps, trowels, cultivators, weeders, and other hand tools; indoor and outdoor planters and lawn accessories; and garden hoses and hose reels. In addition, the segment provides home organization products, including wire and wood shelving, containers, storage cabinets, and other closet and home organization accessories; residential, industrial, and commercial fans; and cleaning products, such as brooms, brushes, squeegees, and other cleaning products. The company was formerly known as Instrument Systems Corporation and changed its name to Griffon Corporation in June 1992. Griffon Corporation was founded in 1774 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
GFR;Greenfire Resources Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the exploration, development, and operation of oil and gas properties in the Athabasca oil sands region of Alberta, Canada. The company's principal asset include Hangingstone Facilities located in south of Fort McMurray, Alberta. Greenfire Resources Ltd. is headquartered in Calgary, Canada.;tech
GGB;Gerdau S.A., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a steel producer company. The company operates through Brazil Business, North America Business, South America Business, and Special Steel Business segments. It provides semi-finished products, including billets, blooms, and slabs; common long-rolled products, such as rebars, wire rods, merchant bars, light shapes, and profiles to the construction and manufacturing industries; drawn products, including barbed and barbless fence wires, galvanized wires, fences, concrete reinforcing wire mesh, nails, and clamps for manufacturing, construction, and agricultural industries; and special steel products used in auto parts, light and heavy vehicles, and agricultural machinery, as well as in the oil and gas, wind energy, machinery and equipment, mining and rail, and other markets. The company also offers flat products, such as hot-rolled steel coils and heavy plates; and resells flat steel products. In addition, it operates mines that produce iron ore located in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. The company sells its products through independent distributors, direct sales from the mills, and its retail network. Gerdau S.A. was founded in 1901 and is based in São Paulo, Brazil.;tech
GGG;Graco Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets systems and equipment used to move, measure, mix, control, dispense, and spray fluid and powder materials in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. The Contractor segment provides sprayers to apply paint to walls and other structures; two-component proportioning systems to spray polyurethane foam and polyurea coatings; viscous coatings to roofs, markings on roads, parking lots, athletic fields, and floors; and high-performance volumetric and gravimetric dispense, mixing, and shaking equipment. The Industrial segment offers paint circulating and supply pumps, paint circulating advanced control systems, and plural component coating proportioners; various accessories to filter, transport, agitate, and regulate fluid; spare parts, including spray tips, seals and filter screens; equipment for industrial customers that pumps, meters, mixes, and dispenses sealant, adhesive, and composite materials; gel-coat equipment, chop and wet-out systems, resin transfer molding systems and applicators, and precision dispensing solutions; and powder finishing products and systems that coat powder on metals under the Gema and SAT brands. The Process segment provides pumps, valves, meters, and accessories to move and dispense chemicals, oil and natural gas, water, wastewater, petroleum, food, lubricants, and other fluids; and systems, components, and accessories for the automatic lubrication of bearings, gears, and generators. This segment also offers pumps, hose reels, meters, valves and accessories for use by fast oil change facilities, service garages, fleet service centers, automobile dealerships, auto parts stores, truck builders, and heavy equipment service centers; high pressure and ultra-high pressure valves; and chemical injection pumping solutions for precise injection of chemicals. Graco Inc. was incorporated in 1926 and is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota.;tech
GGT;The Gabelli Multimedia Trust Inc. is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched by GAMCO Investors, Inc. It is managed by Gabelli Funds LLC. The fund invests in the public equity markets across the globe. It invests in stocks, convertible securities, preferred stock, options, and warrants of companies operating across global telecommunications, media, publishing, and entertainment industries. The fund also invests in companies participating in emerging technological advances in interactive services and products. It invests in stocks of companies across market capitalizations. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index and MSCI World Free Index. It was formerly known as Gabelli Global Multimedia Trust Inc. The Gabelli Multimedia Trust Inc. was formed on November 15, 1994 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
GGZ;The Gabelli Global Small and Mid Cap Value Trust is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched by GAMCO Investors, Inc. The fund is managed by Gabelli Funds, LLC. It invests in public equity markets across the globe. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies that are operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in value stocks of small and mid-cap companies with a market capitalization of $12 billion or less. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI World SMID Cap Index. The Gabelli Global Small and Mid Cap Value Trust was formed on August 19, 2013 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
GHC;Graham Holdings Company, through its subsidiaries, operates as a diversified holding company in the United States and internationally. The company provides test preparation services and materials; professional training and exam preparation for professional certifications and licensures; and non-academic operations support services to the Purdue University Global; operations support services for online courses and programs; training and test preparation services for accounting and financial services professionals; language training, academic preparation programs, and preparation for proficiency exams; and A-level examination services, as well as operates colleges, business school, higher education institution, and an online learning institution. It also owns and operates television stations, restaurants, and entertainment venues; engages in the financial training and automobile dealerships business; offers social media management tools to connect newsrooms with their users; produces Foreign Policy magazine and ForeignPolicy.com website; and publishes Slate, an online magazine, as well as French-language news magazine website at slate.fr. In addition, the company provides social media marketing solutions; home health, hospice, and palliative services; burners, igniters, dampers, and controls; screw jacks, linear actuators, and related linear motion products and lifting systems; pressure impregnated kiln-dried lumber and plywood products; digital advertising services; power charging and data systems, industrial and commercial indoor lighting solutions, and electrical components and assemblies; valet repair services; in-home aesthetics; and physician and healthcare software-as-a-services, as well as operates pharmacy. The company was formerly known as The Washington Post Company and changed its name to Graham Holdings Company in November 2013. Graham Holdings Company was founded in 1877 and is based in Arlington, Virginia.;tech
GHG;GreenTree Hospitality Group Ltd., through its subsidiaries, develops leased-and-operated, and franchised-and-managed hotels and restaurants in the People's Republic of China. It engages in the food manufacturing business; and provision of information technology services. The company's wholesale business includes sale of prepared meals and frozen foods to supermarkets, distributors, and restaurant franchisees. It operates under the GreenTree, Da Niang, and Lu Gang or Bellagio brand names. The company was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Shanghai, the People's Republic of China. GreenTree Hospitality Group Ltd. is a subsidiary of GreenTree Inns Hotel Management Group, Inc.;tech
GHM;Graham Corporation designs and manufactures fluid, power, heat transfer, and vacuum technologies for chemical and petrochemical processing, defense, space, petroleum refining, cryogenic, and energy industries. The company offers power plant systems, such as ejectors and surface condensers; torpedo ejection, propulsion, and power systems, including turbines, alternators, regulators, pumps, and blowers; and thermal management systems comprising pumps, blowers, and drive electronics for the defense sector. It also provides heat transfer and vacuum systems, including ejectors, process and surface condensers, liquid ring pumps, heat exchangers, and nozzles; power generation systems, such as turbines, generators, compressors, and pumps; and thermal management systems comprising pumps, blowers, and electronics for the energy sector. In addition, the company offers rocket propulsion systems consisting of turbopumps, fuel, cryogenic, and nuclear propellant pumps; cooling systems, which include pumps, compressors, fans, and blowers; and life support systems that comprise fans, pumps, and blowers for the space industry. Further, Graham Corporation sells and services spare parts for its equipment. It operates in the United States, Asia, Canada, the Middle East, South America, and internationally. Graham Corporation was founded in 1936 and is headquartered in Batavia, New York.;tech
GHY;PGIM Global Short Duration High Yield Fund, Inc. is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by PGIM Investments LLC. The fund is co-managed by PGIM Fixed Income. It invests in fixed income markets across the globe. The fund primarily invests in high yield fixed income instruments of varying maturities that are rated Ba1 or lower by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or BB+ or lower by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services. It seeks to maintain a weighted average maturity of five years or less. PGIM Global Short Duration High Yield Fund, Inc. was formed on December 26, 2012 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
GIB;CGI Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides information technology (IT) and business process services. Its services include the business and strategic IT consulting, systems integration, and software solutions. The company also provides application development, application portfolio management, quality engineering and testing, application modernization, modernization and maintenance, DevOps transformation, digital transformation, intelligent automation, cybersecurity, advanced analytics, and business process services; intellectual property-based solutions; business consulting; managed IT services; and IT infrastructure services. It serves clients operating in government, banking and capital market, health, utility, communication and media, oil and gas, space, manufacturing, insurance, life sciences, retail and consumer service, and transportation and logistics industries. The company operates in Canada, France, Spain, Portugal, the United States, Germany, Sweden, Norway, the United Kingdom, Australia, Finland, Poland, Baltics, the Netherlands, Denmark, Czech Republic, India, Asia Pacific, and internationally. The company was formerly known as CGI Group Inc. and changed its name to CGI Inc. in January 2019. CGI Inc. was founded in 1976 and is headquartered in Montreal, Canada.;tech
GIC;Global Industrial Company, through its subsidiaries, operates as an industrial distributor of various industrial and maintenance, repair, and operation (MRO) products in the United States and Canada. The company offers storage and shelving products, safety and security products, carts and trucks, HVAC and fans, furniture and decor, material handling products, janitorial and facility maintenance products, workbenches and shop desks, tools and instruments, plumbing and pumps, office and school supplies, packaging and shipping products, lighting and electrical products, foodservice and retail products, medical and laboratory products, motors and power transmission products, building supplies, machining products, fasteners and hardware, vehicle maintenance products, and raw materials. It distributes its industrial and MRO products under the Global, GlobalIndustrial.com, Nexel, Paramount, Interion, and Absocold brands. The company serves for-profit and not-for-profit businesses; state, local, and private educational organizations; and government entities, including federal, state, and local municipalities through relationship marketers, e-commerce sites, and catalogs. The company was formerly known as Systemax Inc and changed its name to Global Industrial Company in June 2021. Global Industrial Company was founded in 1949 and is headquartered in Port Washington, New York.;tech
GIL;Gildan Activewear Inc. manufactures and sells various apparel products. The company provides various activewear products, including T-shirts, fleece tops and bottoms, sports shirts, polos, and tank tops under Gildan, Gildan Performance, Gildan Hammer, Gildan Softstyle, Gildan Heavy Cotton, Gildan Ultra Cotton, Gildan DryBlend, Gildan HeavyBlend, Comfort Colors, American Apparel, and Champion brands. It also offers hosiery products comprising athletic, dress, casual and workwear socks, liner socks, and socks for therapeutic purposes under Gildan, GoldToe, Signature Gold by GoldToe, GoldToe Edition, Peds, MediPeds, All Pro, and Powersox brands. In addition, the company provides men's and boys' underwear products and ladies panties under Gildan and Gildan Platinum brands. It sells its products to wholesale distributors, screenprinters, and embellishers in North America, Europe, the Asia-Pacific, and Latin America, as well as to retailers in North America, including mass merchants, department stores, national chains, specialty retailers, craft stores, and online retailers; and manufactures products for lifestyle brand companies. The company was formerly known as Textiles Gildan Inc. and changed its name to Gildan Activewear Inc. in March 1995. Gildan Activewear Inc. was founded in 1946 and is headquartered in Montreal, Canada.;tech
GIS;General Mills, Inc. manufactures and markets branded consumer foods worldwide. The company operates through four segments: North America Retail; International; Pet; and North America Foodservice. It offers grain, ready-to-eat cereals, refrigerated yogurt, soup, meal kits, refrigerated and frozen dough products, dessert and baking mixes, bakery flour, frozen pizza and pizza snacks, snack bars, fruit and savory snacks, ice cream and frozen desserts, unbaked and fully baked frozen dough products, frozen hot snacks, ethnic meals, side dish mixes, frozen breakfast and entrees, nutrition bars, and frozen and shelf-stable vegetables. The company also manufactures and markets pet food products, including dog and cat food; and operates ice cream parlors. It markets its products under the annies, betty crocker, bisquick, blue buffalo, bugles, cascadian farm, cheerios, chex, cinnamon toast crunch, cocoa puffs, cookie crisp, dunkaroos, edgard & cooper, fiber one, by the foot, gushers, roll-ups, gardettos, gold medal, golden grahams, häagen-dazs, kitano, kix, lärabar, latina, lucky charms, as well as muir glen, nature valley, nudges, oatmeal crisp, old el paso, pillsbury, progresso, tastefuls, tiki pets, total, totinos, trix, true chews, true solutions, wanchai ferry, wheaties, wilderness, and yoki brands. In addition, the company sells its products to grocery stores, mass merchandisers, membership stores, natural food chains, drug, dollar and discount chains, e-commerce retailers, commercial and noncommercial foodservice distributors and operators, restaurants, convenience stores, and pet specialty stores. The company was founded in 1866 and is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota.;tech
GKOS;Glaukos Corporation, an ophthalmic pharmaceutical and medical technology company, develops therapies for the treatment of glaucoma, corneal disorders, and retinal diseases in the United States and internationally. The company offers iStent and iStent inject W micro-bypass stents designed to treat mild-to-moderate open-angle glaucoma through the restoration of the natural physiologic outflow pathways for aqueous humor. It also provides iStent infinite indicated for use in the treatment of patients with glaucoma uncontrolled by prior medical and surgical therapy; iDose TR, an intracameral procedural pharmaceutical therapy indicated for the reduction of intraocular pressure in patients with open-angle glaucoma or ocular hypertension; iAccess, a precision blade; and iPRIME, a viscoelastic delivery system. In addition, the company develops iLink, a device used for the treatment of keratoconus without the removal of the epithelium; ILution, a platform of cream-based drug formulation applied to the outer surface of the eyelid for drop less transdermal delivery of pharmaceutically active compounds for the treatment of anterior segment eye disorders; and retinal XR platform to treat age-related macular degeneration, diabetic macular edema, retinal vein occlusion, and other posterior segment retinal diseases. It sells its products to ambulatory surgery centers, hospitals, and physician private practices through a direct sales organization, direct sales subsidiaries, and distributors. The company was formerly known as Transdx, Inc. Glaukos Corporation was incorporated in 1998 and is headquartered in Aliso Viejo, California.;tech
GLOB;Globant S.A., together with its subsidiaries, provides technology services worldwide. The company offers studio products comprising AI Studios Network, a network for AI adaptation for media and entertainment, finance, healthcare and life sciences, airlines, sports, automotive, games, hospitality and leisure, edtech, and retail industries; Globant GUT Network, a network that connect brands to end-consumers through marketing; Digital Evolution Network that integrates AI, connected experiences, cybersecurity, data, experiences, quality engineering, robotics, engineering, cloudOps, blockchain, business hacking, cultural hacking and agility, fast code, internet of things, digital twin, payments, and legal AI into the software development lifecycle; and Enterprise Network, a network that provides SAP, servicenow, salesforce, oracle, AWS, adobe, google cloud, Microsoft, and process optimization for streamlined operations and productivity at scale. It also provides Augoor, a code intelligence platform used to explore, navigate, and understand code bases; MagnifAI, a quality assurance platform for software testing at every stage of business; StarMeUp, a behavioral science-based solution to create culture; DaXia, an accelerator platform used to embed financial products and services to any digital ecosystem; GeneXus, a low-code software development platform that automates software creation, maintenance, and evolution; Globant Enterprise AI, a platform that develops private AI solutions, while connecting companies to all LLMs; and Navigate, a process intelligence platform for business operations and incident management. The company was formerly known as IT Outsourcing S.L. and changed its name to Globant S.A. in December 2012. Globant S.A. was founded in 2003 and is based in Luxembourg, Luxembourg.;tech
GLP;Global Partners LP engages in the purchasing, selling, gathering, blending, storing, and logistics of transporting gasoline and gasoline blendstocks, distillates, residual oil, renewable fuels, crude oil, and propane to wholesalers, retailers, and commercial customers. The company operates through three segments: Wholesale, Gasoline Distribution and Station Operations (GDSO), and Commercial. The Wholesale segment sells home heating oil, branded and unbranded gasoline and gasoline blendstocks, diesel, kerosene, and residual oil to retailers and wholesale distributors. This segment transports the products by railcars, barges, trucks and/or pipelines. The GDSO segment sells branded and unbranded gasoline to gasoline station operators and sub-jobbers; operates convenience stores and prepared food sales; and provides car wash, lottery, and ATM services, as well as leases gasoline stations. The Commercial segment sells and delivers unbranded gasoline, home heating oil, diesel, kerosene, residual oil, and bunker fuel to customers in the public sector, as well as to commercial and industrial end-users; and sells custom blended fuels. The company is involved in the transportation of petroleum products and renewable fuels through rail from the mid-continent region of the United States and Canada. Global Partners LP was founded in 2005 and is based in Waltham, Massachusetts.;tech
GLW;Corning Incorporated operates in optical communications, display technologies, environmental technologies, specialty materials, and life sciences businesses. The company provides optical fibers and cables; and hardware and equipment products, such as cable assemblies, fiber optic hardware and connectors, optical components and couplers, closures, network interface devices, and other accessories for the telecommunications industry, businesses, governments, and individuals. It also offers glass substrates for flat panel displays, including liquid crystal displays and organic light-emitting diodes that are used in televisions, notebook computers, desktop monitors, tablets, and handheld devices. In addition, it manufactures products that offer material formulations for glass, glass ceramics, crystals, precision metrology instruments, and software, as well as glass wafers and substrates, tinted sunglasses, and radiation shielding products for markets, such as mobile consumer electronics, semiconductor equipment optics and consumables, aerospace and defense optics, radiation shielding products, sunglasses, and telecommunications components. Further, the company provides ceramic substrates and filter products for emissions control in mobile, gasoline, and diesel applications. Additionally, it offers laboratory products, including consumables, such as plastic vessels, liquid handling plastics, specialty surfaces, cell culture media, and serum, as well as general labware, and glassware and equipment under the Corning, Pyrex, Falcon, and Axygen brands. Corning Incorporated operates in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Japan, Taiwan, China, South Korea, Germany, and internationally. The company was formerly known as Corning Glass Works and changed its name to Corning Incorporated in April 1989. The company was founded in 1851 and is headquartered in Corning, New York.;tech
GM;General Motors Company designs, builds, and sells trucks, crossovers, cars, and automobile parts worldwide. The company operates through GM North America, GM International, Cruise, and GM Financial segments. It markets its vehicles primarily under the Buick, Cadillac, Chevrolet, GMC, Baojun, and Wuling brand names. In addition, the company sells trucks, crossovers, cars, and automobile parts through retail dealers, distributors and dealers, as well as to fleet customers, including daily rental car companies, commercial fleet customers, leasing companies, and governments. Further, it offers software-enabled services and subscriptions; and various range of after-sale services through dealer network, such as maintenance, light repairs, collision repairs, vehicle accessories, and extended service warranties. Additionally, the company provides automotive financing; and software-enabled services and subscriptions. General Motors Company was founded in 1908 and is headquartered in Detroit, Michigan.;tech
GME;GameStop Corp., a specialty retailer, provides games and entertainment products through its stores and e-commerce platforms in the United States, Canada, Australia, and Europe. The company sells new and pre-owned gaming platforms; accessories, such as controllers, and gaming headsets; new and pre-owned gaming software; and in-game digital currency, digital downloadable content, and full-game downloads. It sells collectibles comprising apparel, toys, trading cards, gadgets, and other retail products for pop culture and technology enthusiasts. The company operates stores and e-commerce sites under the GameStop, EB Games, and Micromania brands; and pop culture themed stores that sell collectibles, apparel, gadgets, electronics, toys, and other retail products under the Zing Pop Culture brand. The company was formerly known as GSC Holdings Corp. GameStop Corp. was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Grapevine, Texas.;tech
GMED;Globus Medical, Inc., a medical device company, develops and commercializes healthcare solutions for patients with musculoskeletal disorders in the United States and internationally. The company offers musculoskeletal solutions, including spine products, such as traditional fusion implants, and treatment options for motion preservation technologies, and interventional solutions to treat vertebral compression fractures; orthopedic trauma solutions, which includes fracture plating, intramedullary nailing, and regenerative biologic products; hip and knee joint solutions, including modular hip stems and acetabular cups for total hip arthroplasty, as well as posterior stabilizing and cruciate retaining knee arthroplasty implants; and neuromonitoring services, which provides onsite and remote monitoring of the neurological systems of patients undergoing spinal and brain-related surgeries. The company also offers enabling technologies, such as imaging, navigation, and robotics (INR) solutions for assisted surgery, which includes the ExcelsiusGPS platform, a robotic guidance and navigation system for minimally invasive and open procedures with screw and interbody spacer placement applications; Surgimap, a surgical planning software platform; Excelsius3D, a platform combined with ExcelsiusGPS that provides an intraoperative, image-guided robotic navigation solution; ExcelsiusHub, which provides real-time patient array monitoring, tissue sparing drills, and registration flexibility; and ExcelsiusFlex, a total knee arthroplasty robotic solution. Further, it distributes human cell, tissue, and cellular and tissue-based products. The company sells its products through direct or distributor sales representatives, as well as hip and knee products through independent sales agents. Globus Medical, Inc. was incorporated in 2003 and is headquartered in Audubon, Pennsylvania.;tech
GMRE;GMRE is a net-lease medical real estate investment trust (REIT) that acquires healthcare facilities and leases those facilities to physician groups and regional and national healthcare systems.;tech
GNE;Genie Energy Ltd., through its subsidiaries, provides energy services in the United States and internationally. It operates in two segments, Genie Retail Energy and Genie Renewables. The company resells electricity and natural gas to residential and small business customers in the Eastern and Midwestern United States and Texas; and develops, constructs, and operates utility-scale solar energy projects. It also distributes solar panels; offers energy procurement and advisory services to industrial, commercial, and municipal customers; and markets solar and alternative products and services. The company was incorporated in 2011 and is headquartered in Newark, New Jersey.;tech
GNK;Genco Shipping & Trading Limited, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the ocean transportation of drybulk cargoes worldwide. The company owns and operates dry bulk vessels to transports iron ore, grains, coal, steel products, and other drybulk cargoes. It charters its vessels primarily to trading houses, including commodities traders; producers; and government-owned entities. Genco Shipping & Trading Limited was incorporated in 2004 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
GNRC;Generac Holdings Inc. designs, manufactures, and distributes energy technology products and solution worldwide. The company offers residential automatic standby generators, automatic transfer switch, air-cooled engine residential standby generators, and liquid-cooled engine generators; Mobile Link, a remote monitoring system for home standby generators; residential battery storage systems; smart home solutions, such as smart thermostats and a suite of home monitoring products. It also provides smart home energy management devices and sensors for heating and cooling system; smart doorbell cameras; and portable and inverter generators; multiple portable battery solutions; manual transfer switches; outdoor power equipment, including trimmers, field and brush mowers, log splitters, stump grinders, chipper shredders, lawn and leaf vacuums, and pressure washers and water pumps; and battery-powered turf care products. In addition, the company offers commercial and industrial products comprising cleaner-burning natural gas fueled generators; light-commercial standby generators and related transfer switches; stationary generators; single-engine industrial generators; industrial standby generators; industrial transfer switches; light towers, mobile generators, commercial mobile pumps, heaters, dust-suppression equipment, and mobile energy storage systems; battery energy storage system and related inverter products; and aftermarket service parts and product accessories. Further, it provides Concerto energy-balancing software platform for controlling and dispatching distributed energy resources. The company distributes its products through independent residential dealers, industrial distributors and dealers, national and regional retailers, e-commerce partners, electrical/HVAC/solar wholesalers, solar installers, catalogs, equipment rental companies, and other equipment distributors; and directly to end users. The company was founded in 1959 and is based in Waukesha, Wisconsin.;tech
GNT;GAMCO Natural Resources, Gold & Income Trust is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched by GAMCO Investors, Inc. The fund is managed by Gabelli Funds, LLC. It invests in public equity markets across the globe. The fund invests in securities of companies principally engaged in natural resource and gold industries and by writing covered call options on the underlying equity securities. It focuses on factors such as recent prices of comparable securities that are publicly traded, reliable prices of securities not publicly traded, the use of valuation models, current analyst reports, valuing the income or cash flow of the issuer, or cost if the preceding factors do not apply to create its portfolio. The fund invests in stocks of companies across market capitalization. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the CBOE S&P 500 Buy/Write Index, Philadelphia Gold & Silver Index, Dow Jones U.S. Basic Materials Index, and S&P Global Agribusiness Equity Index. The fund was formerly known as Gabelli Natural Resources, Gold & Income Trust. GAMCO Natural Resources, Gold & Income Trust was formed on January 27, 2011 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
GNTY;Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for Guaranty Bank & Trust, N.A. that provides a range of commercial and consumer banking products and services for small- and medium-sized businesses, professionals, and individuals. The company offers checking and savings, money market, and business accounts, as well as certificates of deposit; and commercial and industrial, construction and development, 1-4 family residential, commercial real estate, farmland, agricultural, multi-family residential, and consumer loans. It also provides trustee, custodial and escrow, investment management, retirement plan, ATM, night depository, direct deposit, and cashier's check services, as well as online and mobile banking services; debit cards; letters of credit; and treasury management services, including wire transfer, positive pay, remote deposit capture, and automated clearinghouse services. In addition, the company offers trust and wealth management products and services. Guaranty Bancshares, Inc. was founded in 1913 and is headquartered in Addison, Texas.;tech
GNW;Genworth Financial, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides mortgage and long-term care insurance products in the United States and internationally. It operates through three segments: Enact, Long-Term Care Insurance, and Life and Annuities. The Enact segment offers primary mortgage, and mortgage insurance products, and contract underwriting services. The Long-Term Care Insurance segment offers long-term care insurance products that are intended to protect against the significant and escalating costs of long-term care services provided in the insured's home, assisted living, and nursing facilities. The Life and Annuities segment provides protection and retirement income products, that includes traditional and non-traditional life insurance, such as term, universal and term universal life insurance, corporate-owned life insurance, and funding agreements; fixed annuities; and variable annuities. It distributes its products through sales force, sales representatives, and digital marketing programs. The company was founded in 1871 and is headquartered in Richmond, Virginia.;tech
GOLF;Acushnet Holdings Corp. designs, develops, manufactures, and distributes golf products in the United States, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Japan, Korea, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Titleist Golf Equipment, FootJoy Golf Wear, and Golf Wear. The company offers golf equipment comprising golf clubs, such as drivers, fairways, hybrids, and iron, as well as wedges; and golf bags, headwear, and golf gloves under the Titleist, Vokey Design, and Scotty Cameron brands. It provides golf shoes, gloves, golf outerwear, men's and women's golf apparel under the FootJoy brands; golf gear products, including golf bags, headwear, accessories; golf travel bags, luggage and other travel products under the Club Glove brand; and luxury leather golf goods under the Links & Kings brand. In addition, the company offers ski, golf, and lifestyle apparel under the KJUS brand. It sells its products through on-course golf shops and golf specialty retailers, as well as through representatives, other retailers, and online. The company was formerly known as Alexandria Holdings Corp. and changed its name to Acushnet Holdings Corp. in March 2016. Acushnet Holdings Corp. was founded in 1910 and is headquartered in Fairhaven, Massachusetts. Acushnet Holdings Corp. is a subsidiary of FILA Holdings Corporation.;tech
GOOS;Canada Goose Holdings Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and sells performance luxury outerwear, apparel, footwear, and accessories for men, women, youth, children, and babies. It operates through three segments: Direct-to-Consumer, Wholesale, and Other. The company offers leisure wear, including knitwear, sweats, and t-shirts; outerwear products, including windwear, jackets, fleece, and vests; footwear and accessories products, such as sneakers, boots, hats, scarves, gloves, hood trims, socks, bags, and eyewear; and lightweight and heavyweight down jackets for the fall, winter, and spring seasons. It sells its products through e-commerce channels and directly operated retail stores. The company offers its products under Canada Goose, Snow Goose, and Baffin brands in in Canada, the United States, North America, Greater China, rest of the Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. Canada Goose Holdings Inc. was founded in 1957 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.;tech
GOTU;Gaotu Techedu Inc., a data-driven education company, provides learning services, educational content, and digitalized learning products in Mainland China. Its learning services include traditional learning services that cover academic subjects, such as mathematics, English, Chinese, physics, chemistry, biology, history, geography and political science; and non-academic tutoring services, including adolescent development, Cambridge English, international competitions and international examinations. It also offers college student and adult education services, comprising admission courses for entrance exams and interviews for postgraduate programs and civil service exams,; exam preparation courses, such as IELTS and TOEFL; consulting services for those pursuing studies abroad, as well as English courses for improving language skills which includes grammar, vocabulary, and speaking; and professional courses for qualification exams, such as teacher certification. In addition, the company offers educational content products, including course outlines, courseware, practice exercises and lesson notes, and reference books, such as Chinese dictionaries and exam question compilations for the college entrance exam; and digitalized learning products, including reading apps for young learners, and AI-based writing assessment tools that offer instant feedback, as well as learning pen and tablet devices. It provides its learning offerings to learners across various age groups from primary school students to adults through online and offline courses, and AI-powered applications. The company was formerly known as GSX Techedu Inc. and changed its name to Gaotu Techedu Inc. in June 2021. Gaotu Techedu Inc. was incorporated in 2014 and is headquartered in Beijing, China.;tech
GPC;Genuine Parts Company distributes automotive and industrial replacement parts. It operates in two segments, Automotive Parts Group and Industrial Parts Group. The company distributes automotive parts, accessories and solutions and replacement parts for hybrid and electric vehicles, trucks, SUVs, buses, motorcycles, farm equipment, and heavy duty equipment; and equipment parts and technologies. It also offers automotive parts, including brakes, batteries, filters, engine components, tools, accessories, and fluids; custom services, such as paint mixing, hydraulic hose assembly, battery testing, and key cutting; and accessories, tools, and equipment for servicing heavy duty and diesel vehicles, as well as operates service and mechanical repair centers for heavy vehicles. In addition, the company operates independent repair shops and auto care centers under the NAPA brand; and NAPA online, an online platform to browse, purchase, and have automotive products, as well as provides DIY workshops and training sessions to customers. Further, it provides abrasives, adhesives, sealants and tape, bearings, chemicals, cutting tools, electrical, facility maintenance, hose and fittings, hydraulics, janitorial, mechanical power transmission, pneumatics, process pumps and equipment, safety, seals and gaskets, tools and testing instruments, as well as inventory management, asset repair and tracking, vendor managed inventory, radio frequency identification asset management, gearbox and fluid power assembly and repair, process pump assembly and repair, drive shaft repair, electrical panel assembly and repair, and hose and gasket manufacture and assembly services. The company was incorporated in 1928 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
GPI;Group 1 Automotive, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates in the automotive retail industry in the United States and the United Kingdom. It sells new and used cars, light trucks, and vehicle parts, as well as service and insurance contracts; arranges related vehicle financing; and offers automotive maintenance and repair services. Group 1 Automotive, Inc. was incorporated in 1995 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
GPK;Graphic Packaging Holding Company, together with its subsidiaries, designs, produces, and sells consumer packaging products to brands in food, beverage, foodservice, household, and other consumer products in the Americas, Europe, and the Asia Pacific. It operates through three segments: Americas Paperboard Packaging, Europe Paperboard Packaging, and Paperboard Manufacturing. The company offers unbleached, bleached, and recycled paperboard to various paperboard packaging converters and brokers. It also provides paperboard packaging products for consumer packaged goods companies; and cups, lids, and food containers for foodservice companies and quick-service restaurants serving the food, beverage, and consumer product markets, including healthcare and beauty. The company also designs, manufactures, and installs specialized packaging machines. The company sells its products through sales offices, as well as through broker arrangements with third parties. Graphic Packaging Holding Company was incorporated in 2007 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
GPN;Global Payments Inc. provides payment technology and software solutions for card, check, and digital-based payments in the Americas, Europe, and the Asia-Pacific. It operates through two segments, Merchant Solutions and Issuer Solutions. The Merchant Solutions segment offers authorization, settlement and funding, customer support, chargeback resolution, reconciliation and dispute management, terminal rental, sales and deployment, payment security, and consolidated billing and reporting services. This segment also provides an array of enterprise software solutions that streamline business operations of its customers in various vertical markets; and value-added solutions and services, such as point-of-sale software, analytics and customer engagement, payroll and reporting, and human capital management. The Issuer Solutions segment offers solutions that enable financial institutions and retailers to manage their card portfolios through a platform; and commercial payments, accounts payables, and electronic payment alternatives solutions for businesses and governments. It markets its products and services through direct sales force, trade associations, agent and enterprise software providers, referral arrangements with value-added resellers, and independent sales organizations. The company was founded in 1967 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
GPRK;GeoPark Limited operates as an oil and natural gas exploration and production company in Chile, Colombia, Brazil, Argentina, Ecuador, and other Latin American countries. It engages in the exploration, development, and production of oil and gas reserves. The company was formerly known as GeoPark Holdings Limited and changed its name to GeoPark Limited in July 2013. GeoPark Limited was founded in 2002 and is based in Bogotá, Colombia.;tech
GRBK;Green Brick Partners, Inc (NYSE: GRBK), the third largest homebuilder in Dallas-Fort Worth, is a diversified homebuilding and land development company that operates in Texas, Georgia, and Florida. Green Brick owns five subsidiary homebuilders in Texas (CB JENI Homes, Normandy Homes, Southgate Homes, Trophy Signature Homes, and a 90% interest in Centre Living Homes), as well as a 50% interest in a homebuilder in Atlanta, Georgia (The Providence Group) and an 80% interest in a homebuilder in Port St. Lucie, Florida (GHO Homes). Green Brick also retains interests in related financial services platforms, including Green Brick Title, GRBK Mortgage, and Green Brick Insurance. Green Brick is engaged in all aspects of the homebuilding process, including land acquisition and development, entitlements, design, construction, marketing, and sales for its residential neighborhoods and master-planned communities. Green Brick Partners, Inc. was incorporated in 2006 and is headquartered in Plano, Texas.;tech
GRC;The Gorman-Rupp Company designs, manufactures, and sells pumps and pump systems in the United States and internationally. The company offers self-priming centrifugal, standard centrifugal, magnetic drive centrifugal, axial and mixed flow, vertical turbine line shaft, submersible, high-pressure booster, rotary gear, rotary vein, diaphragm, bellows, and oscillating pumps. Its products are used in water, wastewater, construction, dewatering, industrial, petroleum, original equipment, agriculture, fire suppression, heating, ventilating and air conditioning, military, and other liquid-handling applications. The company markets its products through a network of distributors, manufacturers' representatives, third-party distributor catalogs, direct sales, retailers, and e-commerce. The Gorman-Rupp Company was founded in 1933 and is headquartered in Mansfield, Ohio.;tech
GRDN;Guardian Pharmacy Services, Inc., a pharmacy service company, provides a suite of technology-enabled services to help residents of long-term health care facilities (LTCFs) in the United States. Its individualized clinical, drug dispensing, and administration capabilities are used to serve the needs of residents in lower acuity LTCFs, such as assisted living facilities, behavioral health facilities, and group homes. The company's Guardian Compass includes dashboards created using data from its data warehouse to help its local pharmacies plan, track, and optimize their business operations; GuardianShield Programs for LTCFs; Order Entry QA Analyzer, which utilizes real-time rules- engine technology to examine prescriptions and detect omissions and/or errors before they become a customer service problem; and Medication Spend Analyzer to break down the monthly drug spending for each of the LTCFs. Guardian Pharmacy Services, Inc. was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
GRMN;Garmin Ltd. designs, develops, manufactures, markets, and distributes a range of wireless devices worldwide. The company offers running and multi-sport watches; cycling products; smartwatch devices; scales and monitors; Garmin Connect and Garmin Connect Mobile, which are web and mobile platforms where users can track and analyze their fitness, activities and workouts, and wellness data; and Connect IQ, enables third parties to create applications that run on Garmin devices. It also provides adventure watches; outdoor handhelds and satellite communicators; golf devices; consumer automotive; dog devices; InReach and Gramin response communication device; and Dive devices. In addition, the company designs, manufactures, and markets various aircraft avionics solutions, including integrated flight decks, electronic flight displays and instrumentation, navigation and communication products, automatic flight control systems and safety-enhancing technologies, audio control systems, engine indication systems, traffic awareness and avoidance solutions, ADS-B and transponders, weather information and avoidance solutions, datalink and connectivity solutions, and portable GPS navigators and wearables, as well as service products to the aviation market. Further, it offers chartplotters and multi-function displays, cartography products, fishfinders, sonar products, autopilot systems, radars, compliant instrument displays and sensors, VHF communication radios, handhelds and wearable devices, sailing products, audio products, digital switching products, trolling motors, and lighting products; and domain controllers and infotainment units, as well as software, map database, cameras, wearables, and automotive solutions. The company sells its products through independent retailers, dealers, distributors, installation and repair shops, and original equipment manufacturers, as well as online webshop. Garmin Ltd. was founded in 1989 and is based in Schaffhausen, Switzerland.;tech
GRND;Grindr Inc. operates social network and dating application for the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) communities worldwide. Its Grindr platform, a global social networking platform primarily serving and addressing the needs of gay, bisexual, and sexually explorative adults around the world. It also offers Grindr as the Global Gayborhood in Your Pocket brand. In addition, the company provides ad-supported service and a premium subscription version. Grindr Inc. was founded in 2009 and is headquartered in West Hollywood, California.;tech
GROV;Grove Collaborative Holdings, Inc., a consumer products company, develops and sells household, personal care, beauty, and other consumer products in the United States. The company sells its products under the Grove-owned brands through direct-to-consumer platform through www.grove.co website, mobile applications, and third parties. Grove Collaborative Holdings, Inc. is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
GRX;The Gabelli Healthcare and Wellness Trust is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched by GAMCO Investors, Inc. The fund is managed by Gabelli Funds, LLC. It invests in the public equity markets across the globe. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies primarily operating in the healthcare and wellness sector. It invests in stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index, S&P 500 Consumer Staples Index, and S&P 500 Health Care Index. The Gabelli Healthcare & Wellness Trust was formed on February 20, 2007 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
GS;The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc., a financial institution, provides a range of financial services for corporations, financial institutions, governments, and individuals in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Asia. It operates through Global Banking & Markets, Asset & Wealth Management, and Platform Solutions segments. The Global Banking & Markets segment provides financial advisory services, including strategic advisory assignments related to mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, corporate defense activities, restructurings, and spin-offs; equity and debt underwriting of public offerings and private placements; relationship lending and acquisition financing; secured lending through structured credit and asset-backed lending, such as warehouse, residential and commercial mortgage, corporate, consumer, auto, and student loans; financing through securities purchased under agreements to resell; and commodity financing through structured transactions. This segment also offers client execution activities for cash and derivative instruments; credit and interest rate products; and provision of mortgages, currencies, commodities, and equities related products. Its Asset & Wealth Management segment manages assets across various classes, including equity, fixed income, hedge funds, credit funds, private equity, real estate, currencies, commodities, and asset allocation strategies; and provides customized investment advisory solutions, wealth advisory services, personalized financial planning, and private banking services, as well as invests in corporate equity, credit, real estate, and infrastructure assets. The Platform Solutions segment offers credit cards; and transaction banking and other services, such as deposit-taking, payment solutions, and other cash management services for corporate and institutional clients. The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. was founded in 1869 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
GSBD;Goldman Sachs BDC, Inc. is a business development company specializing in middle market and mezzanine investment in private companies. It seeks to make capital appreciation through direct originations of secured debt, senior secured debt, junior secured debt, including first lien, first lien/last-out unitranche and second lien debt, unsecured debt, including mezzanine debt and, to a lesser extent, investments in equities. The fund primarily invests in United States. It seeks to invest between $10 million and $75 million in companies with EBITDA between $5 million and $75 million annually.;tech
GSK;GSK plc, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the research, development, and manufacture of vaccines, specialty medicines, and general medicines to prevent and treat disease in the United Kingdom, the United States, and internationally. It operates through Commercial Operations and Total R&D segments. The company offers specialty medicines that include oncology, respiratory/immunology, inflammation, and inhaled medicines for HIV, respiratory eosinophildriven diseases, lupus and lupus nephritis, ovarian cancer, and endometrial cancer. It also provides vaccines for Shingles, Meningitis, RSV, Seasonal Influenza, Hepatitis, Diphtheria, Tetanus, Acellular Pertussis, Rotavirus, Pertussis, Polio, Haemophilus, Invasive Diseases, Pneumonia, Acute Otitis Media, Measles, Mumps, Rubella and Chickenpox, and Human Papilloma Virus. Additionally, the company offers general medicines for asthma, COPD, bacterial infection, benign prostatic hyperplasia, allergic rhinitis, and inflammatory skin conditions. It has a collaboration agreement with CureVac to develop mRNA vaccines for infectious diseases. The company was formerly known as GlaxoSmithKline plc and changed its name to GSK plc in May 2022. GSK plc was founded in 1715 and is headquartered in London, United Kingdom.;tech
GSL;Global Ship Lease, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in owning and chartering of containerships under fixed-rate charters to container shipping companies worldwide. As of March 10, 2025, it owned 70 mid-sized and smaller containerships, ranging from 2,207 to 11,040 twenty-foot equivalent unit (TEU), with an aggregate capacity of 404,681 TEU. The company was formerly known as Marathon Acquisition Corp. and changed its name to Global Ship Lease, Inc. in August 2008. Global Ship Lease, Inc. was founded in 2007 and is based in Athens, Greece.;tech
GTES;Gates Industrial Corporation plc manufactures and sells engineered power transmission and fluid power solutions worldwide. It operates in two segments, Power Transmission and Fluid Power. The company offers synchronous or asynchronous belts, including V-belts, CVT belts, and Micro-V belts, as well as related components, such as sprockets, pulleys, water pumps, tensioners, and other accessories; solutions for stationary and mobile drives, engine systems, and personal mobility application platforms; metal drive components; and kits for automotive replacement channels. It also provides fluid power solutions comprising stationary hydraulics, mobile hydraulics, vehicle systems, and other industrial application platforms; and hydraulics, including hoses, tubing, coupling, and fittings, as well as assemblies. The company's products are used in applications across various markets, including industrial off-highway, such as construction and agriculture; industrial on-highway commercial vehicles comprising heavy-duty trucks and buses, energy and resources, automotive, and personal mobility; and various industrial applications, such as automated manufacturing and logistics systems. It sells its products under the Gates brand. It offers its products to replacement channel customers, as well as to original equipment manufacturers. The company was founded in 1911 and is headquartered in Denver, Colorado.;tech
GTLS;Chart Industries, Inc. engages in the designing, engineering, and manufacturing of process technologies and equipment for the gas and liquid molecules in the United States and internationally. The company operates through four segments: Cryo Tank Solutions, Heat Transfer Systems, Specialty Products, and Repair, Service & Leasing. It provides microbulk and mobile equipment; bulk and packaged gas cryogenic solutions for the storage, distribution, vaporization, and application of industrial gases; cryogenic trailers, ISO containers, bulk storage tanks, loading facilities, and regasification equipment for delivering liquefied natural gas (LNG) into virtual pipeline applications; and large vacuum insulated storage tanks as equipment for purchasers of standard liquefaction plants. The company also offers natural gas processing solutions; process technology, liquefaction capabilities, and critical equipment for the LNG, include small to mid-scale facilities, floating LNG applications, and large base-load export facilities; brazed aluminum heat exchangers, Core-in-Kettle heat exchangers, cold boxes, pressure vessels, fans, and pipe works; and air cooled heat exchangers and axial cooling fans for the heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC), power, and refining applications. In addition, the company provides hydrogen solutions; compressors, including shell and tubes to mobile equipment and fueling stations; solutions, equipment, aftermarket services, and software for applications; water treatment solutions serve both clean and wastewater applications; various organic and inorganic contaminants. Further, it offers extended warranties, plant start-up, parts, 24/7 support, monitoring and process optimization, and upgrading services; installation, retrofitting and refurbishment, spares, service, repair, and maintenance of its products, as well as equipment leasing solutions. Chart Industries, Inc. was founded in 1859 and is headquartered in Ball Ground, Georgia.;tech
GTN;Gray Media, Inc., a multimedia company, owns and/or operates television stations and digital assets in the United States. The company operates through Broadcasting, Production Companies, and Other segments. It also owns Gray Digital Media, a digital agency that provides clients with digital marketing strategies; and operates video production companies and studio production facilities. The company was formerly known as Gray Television, Inc. and changed its name to Gray Media, Inc. in January 2025. Gray Media, Inc. was founded in 1891 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
GTY;Getty Realty Corp. is a publicly traded, net lease REIT specializing in the acquisition, financing and development of convenience, automotive and other single tenant retail real estate. As of March 31, 2025, the Company's portfolio included 1,119 freestanding properties located in 42 states across the United States and Washington, D.C.;tech
GUT;The Gabelli Utility Trust is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched by GAMCO Investors, Inc. It is managed by Gabelli Funds, LLC. The fund invests in the public equity markets across the globe. It makes its investments in stocks of companies providing products, services, or equipment for the generation or distribution of electricity, gas, water, telecommunications services, and infrastructure operations. The fund invests in stocks of companies across market capitalization. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against S&P 500 Utilities Index, Lipper Utility Fund Average, and S&P 500 Index. The Gabelli Utility Trust was formed on July 9, 1999 and is domiciled in United States.;tech
GVA;Granite Construction Incorporated operates as an infrastructure contractor in the United States. It operates through two segments: Construction and Materials segments. The Construction segment engages in the construction and rehabilitation of roads, pavement preservation, bridges, rail lines, airports, marine ports, dams, reservoirs, aqueducts, infrastructure, and site development for use by the public and water-related construction for municipal agencies, commercial water suppliers, industrial facilities, and energy companies; and construction of various complex projects, including infrastructure and site development, mining, public safety, tunnel, solar, battery storage, and power related projects. The Materials segment is involved in the production of aggregates, asphalt concrete, liquid asphalt, and recycled materials production for internal use in construction projects and sale to third parties. It also offers site preparation, mining, and infrastructure services for railways, residential development, energy development, and commercial and industrial sites; and provides construction management professional services. The company serves federal agencies, state departments of transportation, local transit authorities, county and city public works departments, school districts and developers, utilities, contractors, landscapers, manufacturers of products requiring aggregate materials, retailers, homeowners, farmers, brokers, and private owners of industrial, commercial, and residential sites. Granite Construction Incorporated was incorporated in 1922 and is headquartered in Watsonville, California.;tech
GWRE;Guidewire Software, Inc. provides a platform for property and casualty (P&C) insurers worldwide. It offers Guidewire InsuranceSuite, such as PolicyCenter, ClaimCenter, and BillingCenter applications. The company also provides Guidewire InsuranceNow, a cloud-based application that offers policy administration, claims management, and billing functionality, plus pre-integrated document production, analytics, and other capabilities. In addition, it offers Guidewire Rating Management to manage the pricing of insurance products; Guidewire Reinsurance Management to use rules-based logic to execute reinsurance strategy through underwriting and claims processes; Guidewire Client Data Management that helps P&C insurers to capitalize on customer information; Guidewire Advanced Product Designer, a cloud-native application for insurance product design and management; Guidewire Product Content Management provides software tools and standards-based, line-of-business templates. Further, the company provides Guidewire Digital Engagement Applications, which enable insurers to provide digital experiences; Guidewire Predict, a P&C-specific machine-learning platform; Guidewire HazardHub that allows insurers to understand, assess, price, and manage property risk; Guidewire Canvas, Guidewire Compare, Guidewire industry Intel, Guidewire Data Studio, and Guidewire Explore, an cloud-native applications; Guidewire Cyence, a cyber-risk economic modeling product; Guidewire DataHub, an operational data store; and Guidewire InfoCenter, a business intelligence warehouse for P&C insurers . The company was incorporated in 2001 and is headquartered in San Mateo, California.;tech
GWW;W.W. Grainger, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, distributes maintenance, repair, and operating products and services primarily in North America, Japan, and the United Kingdom. It operates through two segments, High-Touch Solutions North America and Endless Assortment. The company provides safety, security, material handling and storage equipment, pumps and plumbing equipment, cleaning and maintenance, and metalworking and hand tools. It also offers technical support and inventory management services. The company provides safety, security, material handling and storage equipment, pumps and plumbing equipment, cleaning and maintenance, and metalworking and hand tools. It also offers technical support and inventory management services. The company serves smaller businesses to large corporations, government entities, and other institutions, as well as commercial, healthcare, and manufacturing industries through sales and service representatives, and electronic and ecommerce channels. W.W. Grainger, Inc. was founded in 1927 and is headquartered in Lake Forest, Illinois.;tech
GXO;GXO Logistics, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides logistics services worldwide. The company provides warehousing and distribution, order fulfilment, e-commerce, reverse logistics, and other supply chain services. As of December 31, 2024, it operated in 1,030 facilities. The company serves a range of customers in the e-commerce, omnichannel retail, technology and consumer electronics, food and beverage, industrial and manufacturing, consumer packaged goods, and other industries. GXO Logistics, Inc. was incorporated in 2021 and is headquartered in Greenwich, Connecticut.;tech
H;Hyatt Hotels Corporation operates as a hospitality company in the United States and internationally. It operates through Owned and Leased Hotels, Americas Management and Franchising, ASPAC Management and Franchising, EAME Management and Franchising, and Apple Leisure Group segments. The company manages, franchises, licenses, owns, and leases portfolio of properties, consisting of full-service hotels and resorts, select service hotels, and other properties, including timeshare, fractional, residential, vacation, and condominium units. It operates its properties under the Park Hyatt, Alila, Miraval, Impression by Secrets, The Unbound Collection by Hyatt, Andaz, Thompson Hotels, The Standard, Dream Hotels, The StandardX, Breathless Resorts & Spas, JdV by Hyatt, Bunkhouse Hotels, Me and All Hotels, Zoëtry Wellness & Spa Resorts, Hyatt Ziva, Hyatt Zilara, Secrets Resorts & Spas, Dreams Resorts & Spas, Hyatt Vivid Hotels & Resorts, Sunscape Resorts & Spas, Alua Hotels & Resorts, Grand Hyatt, Hyatt Regency, Destination by Hyatt, Hyatt Centric, Hyatt Vacation Club, Hyatt, Caption by Hyatt, Hyatt Place, Hyatt House, Hyatt Studios, and UrCove brand name. The company offers short-term vacation rental platform, Homes & Hideaways by World of Hyatt, that features direct booking for short-term private home rentals in the United States, as well as distribution and destination management services. It primarily serves corporations; national, state, and regional associations; specialty market accounts, including social, government, military, educational, religious, and fraternal organizations; travel agency and luxury organizations; and a group of individual consumers. It also operates World of Hyatt loyalty program, which rewards points that can be redeemed for hotel nights and other rewards. Hyatt Hotels Corporation was founded in 1957 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
HAE;Haemonetics Corporation, a medical technology company, provides a suite of hospital technologies solutions in the United States and internationally. The company offers automated plasma collection systems, donor management software, and supporting software solutions, including NexSys PCS and PCS2 plasmapheresis equipment and related disposables and solutions, as well as integrated information technology platforms for plasma customers to manage their donors, operations, and supply chain; and NexLynk DMS donor management system and Donor360 tools. It also provides treatment in electrophysiology, critical care, neurocritical care, trauma, burn surgery, spine surgery, and cancer surgery; SavvyWire, a sensor-guided 3-in-1 guidewire for TAVR procedures; and OptoWire, a pressure guidewire that measures fractional flow reserve and diastolic pressure ratio, as well as fiber optic sensor solutions used in medical devices and other critical industrial applications. In addition, the company offers hospital products comprising TEG and HAS hemostasis analyzer systems that provide a comprehensive assessment of a patient's overall hemostasis; and TEG Manager software, which connects various TEG analyzers throughout the hospital, providing clinicians remote access to active and historical test results that inform treatment decisions. Further, it provides Cell Saver Elite +, an autologous blood recovery system for cardiovascular, orthopedic, trauma, transplant, vascular, obstetrical, and gynecological surgeries; and VASCADE closure products comprising VASCADE 5F, VASCADE 6/7F, VASCADE MVP XL, and VASCADE MVP, a technology platform which offers catheter-based delivery system and leverages the natural clot-inducing properties of collagen. The company sells its products through direct sales force, independent distributors, clinical specialists, and sales representatives. Haemonetics Corporation was founded in 1971 and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts.;tech
HAL;Halliburton Company provides products and services to the energy industry worldwide. It operates in two segments, Completion and Production, and Drilling and Evaluation. The Completion and Production segment offers production enhancement services that include stimulation and sand control services; cementing services, such as well bonding and casing, and casing equipment; and completion tools that offer downhole solutions and services, including well completion products and services, intelligent well completions, liner hanger systems, sand control systems, multilateral systems, and service tools. This segment also provides electrical submersible pumps, as well as artificial lift services; production solutions comprising coiled tubing, hydraulic workover units, downhole tools, and pumping and nitrogen services; pipeline and process services, such as pre-commissioning, commissioning, maintenance, and decommissioning; and specialty chemicals and services. The Drilling and Evaluation segment offers drilling fluid systems, performance additives, completion fluids, solids control, specialized testing equipment, and waste management services; drilling systems and services; wireline and perforating services consists of open-hole logging, and cased-hole and slickline; and drill bits and services comprising roller cone rock bits, fixed cutter bits, hole enlargement, and related downhole tools and services, as well as coring equipment and services. This segment also provides cloud based digital services and artificial intelligence solutions on an open architecture for subsurface insights, integrated well construction, and reservoir and production management; testing and subsea services, such as acquisition and analysis of reservoir information and optimization solutions; and project management and integrated asset management services. Halliburton Company was founded in 1919 and is based in Houston, Texas.;tech
HASI;HA Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc., through its subsidiaries, engages in the investment in energy efficiency, renewable energy, and sustainable infrastructure markets in the United States. The company's portfolio includes equity investments, commercial and government receivables, real estate, and debt securities. It invests in climate solution, including Behind-the-Meter that distributes energy projects which reduce energy usage or cost through heating, ventilation, and air conditioning systems, as well as lighting, energy controls, roofs, windows, building shells, and/or combined heat and power systems; Grid-Connected, a renewable energy projects that deploy cleaner energy sources, such as solar, solar-plus-storage, and wind to generate power production; and Fuels, Transport, and Nature, a range of infrastructure assets that are designed to reduce emissions and/or provide environmental benefits in projects beyond the power grid such as transportation and fuels comprising renewable natural gas plants, transportation fleet enhancements, ecological restoration, and other projects. The company was formerly known as Hannon Armstrong Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. and changed its name to HA Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. in June 2024. HA Sustainable Infrastructure Capital, Inc. was founded in 1981 and is headquartered in Annapolis, Maryland.;tech
HAYW;Hayward Holdings, Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets a portfolio of pool equipment and associated automation systems in North America, Europe, and internationally. It offers pool equipment, including pumps, filters, robotics, suction and pressure cleaners, gas heaters and heat pumps, water features and landscape lighting, water sanitizers, salt chlorine generators, safety equipment, and in-floor automated cleaning systems, as well as LED illumination solutions. The company sells its products through specialty distributors, retailers, pool builders, and buying groups. Hayward Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1925 and is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina.;tech
HBB;Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company, together with its subsidiaries, designs, markets, and distributes small electric household and specialty housewares appliances in the United States and internationally. It offers air fryers, blenders, coffee makers, food processors, indoor electric grills, irons, juicers, mixers, slow cookers, toasters, and toaster ovens. The company also provides consumer products under the Hamilton Beach and Proctor Silex brands; products under the Hamilton Beach Professional in the premium market; farm-to-table and field-to-table food processing equipment under the Weston brand; garment care products under the CHI brand; cocktail delivery system under the Bartesian brand; home appliances products under the Clorox brand; countertop electric water filtration appliances under the Brita Hub brand; and plant-based milk makers under the Numilk brand. In addition, it offers digitally connected devices to manage at home chronic conditions to use injectable medications; and commercial products under the Hamilton Beach Commercial and the Proctor Silex Commercial brands. The company sells its products through a network of mass merchandisers, e-commerce retailers, national department stores, variety stores, warehouse clubs, specialty home retailers, distributors, restaurants, fast food chains, bars, hotels, and other retail outlets. Hamilton Beach Brands Holding Company was founded in 1904 and is headquartered in Glen Allen, Virginia.;tech
HBI;Hanesbrands Inc. designs, manufactures, sources, and sells a range of range of innerwear apparel for men, women, and children in the Americas, Europe, the Asia pacific, and internationally. It sells men's underwear, women's panties, children's underwear, and socks, as well as intimate apparel comprising bras and shapewear; T-shirts, fleece, sports bras, and thermals; and home goods. The company offers its products under the Hanes, Bali, Bonds, Maidenform, Playtex, JMS/Just My Size, Comfortwash, Hanes Beefy-T, Polo Ralph Lauren, Sheridan, Bras N Things, Wonderbra, Berlei, Zorba, Sol y Oro, and Rinbros brand names through retailers, wholesalers, and third-party embellishers. Hanesbrands Inc. was founded in 1901 and is headquartered in Winston-Salem, North Carolina.;tech
HBM;Hudbay Minerals Inc., a diversified mining company, focuses on the exploration, development, operation, and optimization of properties in North and South America. It produces and sells copper concentrates containing copper, gold, and silver; silver/gold doré; zinc concentrates containing zinc and gold; and molybdenum concentrates. The company's flagship project is the Constancia mine located in Cusco in Peru. Hudbay Minerals Inc. is based in Toronto, Canada.;tech
HCI;HCI Group, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the property and casualty insurance, insurance management, reinsurance, real estate, and information technology businesses in the United States. It operates through Insurance Operations, TypTap Group, Reciprocal Exchange Operations, and Real Estate Operations segments. The company provides residential insurance products, such as homeowners, fire, and wind-only insurance to homeowners, condominium owners, and tenants for properties, as well as offers reinsurance programs. It also owns and operates waterfront properties and retail shopping centers, and an office building, as well as commercial properties for investment purposes. In addition, the company designs and develops web-based applications and products, including SAMS, an online policy administration platform; Harmony, a policy administration platform; ClaimColony, an end-to-end claims management platform; and AtlasViewer, a mapping and data visualization platform. The company was formerly known as Homeowners Choice, Inc. and changed its name to HCI Group, Inc. in May 2013. HCI Group, Inc. was incorporated in 2006 and is headquartered in Tampa, Florida.;tech
HD;The Home Depot, Inc. operates as a home improvement retailer in the United States and internationally. It sells various building materials, home improvement products, lawn and garden products, and décor products, as well as facilities maintenance, repair, and operations products. The company also offers installation services for flooring, water heaters, baths, garage doors, cabinets, cabinet makeovers, countertops, sheds, furnaces and central air systems, and windows. In addition, it provides tool and equipment rental services. The company serves consumers, such as do-it-yourself homeowners and do-it-for-me customers; and professional renovators/remodelers, general contractors, small to medium homebuilders, maintenance professionals, handymen, property managers, building service contractors and specialty tradespeople, such as electricians, landscapers, plumbers, painters, pool contractors, and roofers. It sells its products through websites and its mobile applications, including homedepot.com; homedepot.ca and homedepot.com.mx; blinds.com, justblinds.com, and americanblinds.com for custom window coverings; thecompanystore.com, an online site for textiles and décor products; hdsupply.com for maintenance, repair, and operations products and related services; and srsdistribution.com, heritagelandscapesupplygroup.com, and heritagepoolsupplygroup.com for roofing and building materials, landscape, and pool products; and The Home Depot stores. The Home Depot, Inc. was incorporated in 1978 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
HDB;HDFC Bank Limited provides banking and financial products and services to individuals and businesses in India, Bahrain, Hong Kong, Singapore, and Dubai. The company operates through Treasury, Retail Banking, Wholesale Banking, Other Banking Business, Insurance Business, and Other segments. It offers savings, salary, current, rural, public provident fund, pension, and demat accounts; fixed and recurring deposits; and safe deposit lockers, as well as offshore accounts and deposits, and overdrafts against fixed deposits. The company also provides personal, home, car, two-wheeler, business, doctor, educational, gold, consumer, and rural loans; loans against properties, securities, mutual funds, rental receivables, and assets; loans for professionals; government sponsored programs; and loans on credit card, as well as working capital and commercial/construction equipment finance, healthcare/medical equipment, commercial vehicle finance, dealer finance, and term loans. In addition, it offers credit, debit, prepaid, forex, and kisan gold cards; payment and collection, export, import, remittance, bank guarantee, letter of credit, trade, hedging, and merchant and cash management services; and insurance and investment products. Further, the company provides short term finance, bill discounting, structured finance, export credit, loan repayment, custodial, and documents collection services; online, mobile, and phone banking services; unified payment interface, immediate payment, national electronic funds transfer, and real time gross settlement services; channel financing, vendor financing, reimbursement account, money market, derivatives, employee trusts, cash surplus corporates, tax payment, and bankers to rights/public issue services; and financial solutions for supply chain partners and agricultural customers. It operates branches and automated teller machines in various cities/towns. The company was incorporated in 1994 and is headquartered in Mumbai, India.;tech
HE;Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the electric utility business in the United States. It operates through Electric Utility and Other segments. The Electric Utility segment engages in the production, purchase, transmission, distribution, and sale of electricity in the islands of Oahu; Hawaii; and Maui, Lanai, and Molokai. This segment's renewable energy sources and potential sources include wind, solar, photovoltaic, geothermal, wave, hydroelectric, municipal waste, and other biofuels. This segment serves suburban communities, resorts, the United States Armed Forces installations, and agricultural operations. The Other segment invests in non-regulated renewable energy and sustainable infrastructure in the State of Hawaii. Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. was founded in 1891 and is headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii.;tech
HEI;HEICO Corporation provides aerospace, defense, and electronic related products and services in the United States and internationally. The company's Flight Support Group segment offers jet engine and aircraft component replacement parts; thermal insulation blankets and parts; renewable/reusable insulation systems; and specialty components and assemblies. This segment also distributes hydraulic, pneumatic, structural, interconnect, mechanical, and electro-mechanical components for the commercial, regional, and general aviation markets; and offers repair and overhaul services for jet engine and aircraft component parts, avionics, instruments, composites, and commercial aircraft surfaces, as well as for avionics and navigation systems, subcomponents, and other military aircraft instruments. Its Electronic Technologies Group segment provides electro-optical infrared simulation and test equipment; electro-optical laser products; electro-optical, microwave, and other power equipment; electromagnetic and radio frequency (RF) interference shielding and suppression filters; power electronics; power conversion and interface products; interconnection devices; and underwater locator and emergency locator transmission beacons. This segment also offers traveling wave tube amplifiers and microwave power modules; memory products and specialty semiconductors; environment connectivity products and molded cable assemblies; RF and microwave products; communications and electronic intercept receivers and tuners; self-sealing auxiliary fuel systems; active antenna systems and airborne antennas; nuclear radiation detectors; power amplifiers; ceramic-to-metal feedthroughs and connectors; technical surveillance countermeasures equipment; RF receivers and sources; radiation assurance, embedded computing, and silicone solutions; test sockets and adapters; and electronic components and rotary joint assemblies. The company was incorporated in 1957 and is headquartered in Hollywood, Florida.;tech
HESM;Hess Midstream LP owns, operates, develops, and acquires midstream assets and provide fee-based services to Hess and third-party customers in the United States. It operates through three segments: Gathering; Processing and Storage; and Terminaling and Export. The Gathering segment owns natural gas gathering and compression systems; crude oil gathering systems; and produced water gathering and disposal facilities. Its gathering systems consists of approximately 1,415 miles of high and low pressure natural gas and natural gas liquids gathering pipelines with capacity of approximately 675 million cubic feet per day; crude oil gathering system comprises approximately 590 miles of crude oil gathering pipelines; and produced water gathering system that includes approximately 330 miles of pipelines in gathering systems. The Processing and Storage segment comprises Tioga Gas Plant, a natural gas processing and fractionation plant located in Tioga, North Dakota; Mentor Storage Terminal, a propane storage cavern and rail, and truck loading and unloading facility located in Mentor, Minnesota; and Terminaling and Export segment that owns Ramberg terminal facility, the Tioga rail terminal, crude oil rail cars, and other Dakota access pipeline connections, as well as Johnson's Corner Header System, a crude oil pipeline header system. Hess Midstream LP was formerly known as Hess Midstream Partners LP and changed its name to Hess Midstream LP in December 2019. Hess Midstream LP was founded in 2014 and is based in Houston, Texas.;tech
HFRO;Highland Funds I - Highland Opportunities and Income Fund is a close-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Highland Capital Management, L.P. It is managed by Highland Capital Management Fund Advisors, L.P. The fund invests in fixed income markets of countries across the globe. It primarily invests in floating rate loans and other securities deemed to be floating rate investments, with an emphasis on adjustable rate senior loans to corporations and partnerships. The fund seeks to invest in below investment grade securities. It also invests through derivatives. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Credit Suisse Leveraged Loan Index. It was formerly known as Highland Funds I - Highland Income Fund. Highland Funds I - Highland Opportunities and Income Fund was formed on January 13, 2000 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
HG;Hamilton Insurance Group, Ltd., through its subsidiaries, operates as specialty insurance and reinsurance company in Bermuda and internationally. The company operates Hamilton Global Specialty, Hamilton Select, and Hamilton Re underwriting platforms. The company offers casualty reinsurance products, such as commercial auto, general liability, healthcare, multiline, personal motor, professional liability, umbrella and excess casualty, and worker's compensation and employer's liability reinsurance; property reinsurance and insurance; and specialty reinsurance solutions, including accident and health, aviation and space, crisis management, mortgage, financial risks, marine and energy, and multiline specialty. In addition, it offers accident and health, cyber, energy, environmental, financial lines, fine art and specie, kidnap and ransom, mergers and acquisitions, marine and energy liability, political risk and violence, professional liability, property binders, property direct and facultative, professional lines, space, upstream energy, excess casualty, war and terrorism, allied medical, management liability, medical professionals, general liability, products liability and contractors, and small business casualty insurance plans, as well as surety and treaty reinsurance products. The company was incorporated in 2013 and is headquartered in Pembroke, Bermuda.;tech
HGV;Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. develops, markets, sells, manages, and operates the resorts, timeshare plans, and ancillary reservation services under the Hilton Grand Vacations brand in the United States and Europe. It operates through two segments: Real Estate Sales and Financing, and Resort Operations and Club Management segments. The Real Estate Sales and Financing segment market and sells the VOIs, and source VOIs through fee-for-service agreements; and provides consumer financing and services loans. The Resort Operations and Club Management segment manages and operates the clubs which provides exchange, leisure travel, and reservation services, as well as engages in the rental of inventory made available due to ownership exchanges through its club programs, and provides ancillary services including food and beverage, retail and spa at timeshare properties. Hilton Grand Vacations Inc. was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in Orlando, Florida.;tech
HHH;Howard Hughes Holdings Inc., together with its subsidiaries, develops and operates master planned communities (MPCs) in the United States. It operates through three segments: Operating Assets, MPC, and Strategic Developments. The Operating Assets segment acquires or develops retail, office, and multifamily properties, as well as invests in other real estate properties. The MPC segment develops and sells land in large-scale and long-term community development projects in and around Las Vegas, Nevada; Houston, Texas; and Phoenix, Arizona to homebuilders and developers. The Strategic Developments segment develops residential condominium and commercial property projects, as well as various other properties. The company was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in The Woodlands, Texas.;tech
HI;Hillenbrand, Inc. operates as an industrial company in the United States and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Advanced Process Solutions and Molding Technology Solutions. The Advanced Process Solutions segment designs, engineers, manufactures, markets, and services process and material handling equipment and systems comprising compounding, extrusion, and material handling equipment, equipment system design services, as well as offers mixing technology, ingredient automation, and portion process; and provides screening and separating equipment for various industries, including plastics, food and pharmaceuticals, chemicals, fertilizers, minerals, energy, recycling, and other general industrials. The Molding Technology Solutions segment offers injection molding and extrusion equipment; hot runner systems; process control systems; mold bases and components; maintenance and repair services; and aftermarket parts and service for various industries, including automotive, consumer goods, medical, packaging, construction, and electronics. The company was formerly known as Batesville Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to Hillenbrand, Inc. in March 2008. Hillenbrand, Inc. was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in Batesville, Indiana.;tech
HIG;The Hartford Insurance Group, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides insurance and financial services to individual and business customers in the United States, the United Kingdom, and internationally. Its Business Insurance segment offers insurance coverages, including workers' compensation, property, automobile, general and professional liability, package business, umbrella, fidelity and surety, marine, livestock, accident, health, and reinsurance through regional offices, branches, sales and policyholder service centers, independent retail agents and brokers, wholesale agents, and reinsurance brokers. The company's Personal Insurance segment provides automobile, homeowners, and personal umbrella coverages through direct-to-consumer channels and independent agents. Its Property & Casualty Other Operations segment offers coverage for asbestos and environmental exposures. The company's Employee Benefits segment provides group life, disability, and other group coverages to members of employer groups, associations, and affinity groups through direct insurance policies; reinsurance to other insurance companies; employer paid and voluntary product coverages; disability underwriting, administration, and claims processing to self-funded employer plans; and leave management solution. This segment also distributes its group insurance products and services through brokers, consultants, third-party administrators, trade associations, and private exchanges. Its Hartford Funds segment offers managed mutual funds across various asset classes; and exchange-traded funds through broker-dealer organizations, independent financial advisers, defined contribution plans, financial consultants, bank trust groups, and registered investment advisers, as well as investment management, distribution, and administrative services, such as product design, implementation, and oversight. The Hartford Insurance Group, Inc. was founded in 1810 and is headquartered in Hartford, Connecticut.;tech
HII;Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. designs, builds, overhauls, and repairs military ships in the United States. It operates through three segments: Ingalls, Newport News, and Mission Technologies. The company is involved in the design and construction of non-nuclear ships comprising amphibious assault ships; expeditionary warfare ships; surface combatants; and national security cutters for the U.S. Navy and U.S. Coast Guard. It also provides nuclear-powered ships, such as aircraft carriers and submarines, as well as refueling and overhaul, and inactivation services of nuclear-powered aircraft carriers. In addition, the company offers naval nuclear support services, including fleet services comprising design, construction, maintenance, and disposal activities for in-service the U.S. Navy nuclear ships; and maintenance services on nuclear reactor prototypes. Further, the company provides C5ISR systems and operations; application of artificial intelligence and machine learning to battlefield decisions; defensive and offensive cyberspace strategies and electronic warfare; uncrewed autonomous systems; live, virtual, and constructive solutions; and fleet sustainment; and critical nuclear operations. Huntington Ingalls Industries, Inc. was founded in 1886 and is headquartered in Newport News, Virginia.;tech
HIMS;Hims & Hers Health, Inc. operates a telehealth platform that connects consumers to licensed healthcare professionals in the United States, the United Kingdom, and internationally. The company offers a range of curated prescription and non-prescription health and wellness products and services available to purchase on its websites and mobile application directly by customers. It also provides prescription medication on a recurring basis and ongoing care from healthcare providers; and over-the-counter drug and device products, cosmetics, and supplement products primarily focusing on general wellness, sexual health and wellness, skincare, and hair care. In addition, the company's curated non-prescription products include melatonin and biotin in the wellness specialty category; moisturizers, creams, sunscreen, serum, face oil, and face wash in the skincare specialty; condoms, climax delay spray and wipes, vibrators, and lubricants in the sexual health and wellness specialty; and shampoos, conditioners, scalp scrubs, and topical treatments, such as minoxidil in the hair care specialty category. Further, it offers medical consultation and post-consultation support services, as well as health and wellness products through wholesale partners. Hims & Hers Health, Inc. is based in San Francisco, California.;tech
HIO;Western Asset High Income Opportunity Fund Inc. is a closed ended fixed-income mutual fund launched and managed by Legg Mason Partners Fund Advisor, LLC. It is co-managed by Western Asset Management Company and Western Asset Management Company Limited. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in high-yielding corporate debt obligations. The fund seeks to maintain an average duration of around four years with an average credit quality of B. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Capital U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Cap Index. The fund was formerly known as High Income Opportunity Fund. Western Asset High Income Opportunity Fund Inc. was formed on November 16, 1993 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
HIPO;Hippo Holdings Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides property and casualty insurance products to individuals and business customers primarily in the United States. It operates three segments: Services, Insurance-as-a-Service, and Hippo Home Insurance Program. The company's insurance products include homeowners' insurance against risks of fire, wind, and theft, as well as other personal lines policies from third party carriers; personal and commercial; and auto, flood, earthquake, pet, and other insurance products. It also offers service contracts, home health check-ups, and home care advice. The company distributes insurance products and services through its technology platforms and website, as well as operates licensed insurance agencies. Hippo Holdings Inc. is headquartered in Palo Alto, California.;tech
HIX;Western Asset High Income Fund II Inc. is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Legg Mason Partners Fund Advisor, LLC. The fund is co-managed by Western Asset Management Company, Western Asset Management Company Limited, and Western Asset Management Company Pte. Ltd. It invests in the fixed income markets across the globe. The fund invests in securities of companies that operate across diversified sectors. It invests in high yield debt securities issued by U.S., foreign corporations and foreign governments. The fund employs a combination of quantitative and fundamental analysis with bottom-up security selection process to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against Barclays Capital U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Cap Index and the JPMorgan Emerging Markets Bond Index Global. Western Asset High Income Fund II, Inc. was formed on May 28, 1998 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
HKD;AMTD Digital Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides digital solutions; media and entertainment services; and hotel operations, hospitality, and very important person (VIP) services in Europe, the United States, Hong Kong, Singapore, and Asia. The company offers cross-market and intelligent digital solutions services for retail and corporate clients; and general and life insurance solutions to clients in various industries. It also provides fashion, arts, and luxury media advertising and marketing services; print and digital advertising campaigns and marketing services; and sells printed and digital publications, as well as operates in the movie production sector. In addition, the company offers customer-centric VIP services, such as hotels and serviced apartments, food and beverage, and club membership services. Further, it holds whole building properties. Digital Inc. was incorporated in 2019 and is headquartered in Paris, France.;tech
HL;Hecla Mining Company, together with its subsidiaries, provides precious and base metal properties in the United States, Canada, Japan, Korea, and China. The company mines for silver, gold, lead, and zinc concentrates, as well as carbon material containing silver and gold for custom smelters, metal traders, and third-party processors; and doré containing silver and gold. Its flagship project is the Greens Creek mine located on Admiralty Island in southeast Alaska. The company was incorporated in 1891 and is headquartered in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho.;tech
HLF;Herbalife Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, provides health and wellness products in North America, Mexico, South and Central America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, China, and the Asia Pacific. The company offers products in the areas of weight management; targeted nutrition; energy, sports, and fitness; outer nutrition; and literature, promotional, and other items. It also provides weight management products, including meal replacement products, protein shakes, drink mixes, weight loss supplements, healthy snacks, and metabolism boosting teas; targeted nutrition products, which comprise functional beverages, and dietary and nutritional supplements that contain herbs, vitamins, minerals, and other natural ingredients; outer nutrition products, such as facial skin, body, and hair care products; and energy, sports, and fitness products, including N-R-G tea and energy drink products. In addition, it offers literature, promotional, and other materials that comprise start-up kits, sales tools, and educational materials. The company sells its products through sales representatives, independent service providers, and company-operated retail stores and platforms. The company was formerly known as Herbalife Nutrition Ltd. and changed its name to Herbalife Ltd. in April 2023. Herbalife Ltd. was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in Los Angeles, California.;tech
HLI;Houlihan Lokey, Inc., an investment banking company, provides merger and acquisition (M&A), capital market, financial restructurings and liability management, and financial and valuation advisory services worldwide. The company operates in three segments: Corporate Finance (CF), Financial Restructuring (FR), and Financial and Valuation Advisory (FVA). The CF segment offers general financial advisory services; and advises public and private institutions, including financial sponsors on buy-side and sell-side M&A transactions, debt and equity financings in both the private and public markets, and other corporate finance transactions. The FR segment advises debtors, creditors, and other parties-in-interest related to recapitalization/deleveraging transactions. This segment also provides a range of advisory services, such as structuring, negotiation, and confirmation of plans of reorganization; structuring and analysis of exchange offers; liability management transactions; corporate viability assessment; dispute resolution and expert testimony; and procuring debtor-in-possession financing. The FVA segment provides valuation services to companies; debt and equity interests comprising illiquid investments; and other assets and liabilities. This segment also offers fairness opinions in connection with M&A and other transactions; solvency opinions in connection with corporate spin-offs and dividend recapitalizations; and other types of financial opinions, as well as provides dispute resolution services. It serves corporations, financial sponsors, and government agencies. Houlihan Lokey, Inc. was incorporated in 1972 and is headquartered in Los Angeles, California.;tech
HLIO;Helios Technologies, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides engineered motion control and electronic controls technology solutions in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. It operates in two segments, Hydraulics and Electronics. The Hydraulics segment offers cartridge valve technology products to control rates and direction of fluid flow, and to regulate and control pressures for industrial and mobile applications; hydraulic quick release coupling solutions for the agriculture, construction equipment, and industrial markets; motion control technology and fluid conveyance technology; cartridge valve technology; engineered solutions for machine users, manufacturers, or designers. This segment sells its products under the Sun Hydraulics, Faster, Custom Fluidpower, Seungwon, NEM, Taimi, Daman, and Schultes brands. The Electronics segment offers displays, controls, and instrumentation products for off-highway, recreational marine, powersports and specialty vehicles, agriculture, water pumping, power generation, engine-driven industrial equipment, and health and wellness markets. This segment sells its products under the Enovation Controls, Murphy, Zero Off, HCT, Balboa Water Group, and Joyonway brands. The company markets and sells hydraulic products and engineered solutions through value-added distributors, as well as directly to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs); and electronic products to OEMs, distributors, and system integrators. The company was formerly known as Sun Hydraulics Corporation and changed its name to Helios Technologies, Inc. in June 2019. Helios Technologies, Inc. was incorporated in 1970 and is headquartered in Sarasota, Florida.;tech
HLLY;Holley Inc. designs, manufactures, and distributes automotive aftermarket products to car and truck enthusiasts primarily in the United States, Canada, and Europe. Its performance automotive products include carburetors, fuel pumps, fuel injection systems, nitrous oxide injection systems, superchargers, exhaust headers, mufflers, distributors, ignition components, engine tuners, and automotive performance plumbing products; and exhaust products, as well as shifters, converters, transmission kits, transmissions, tuners, and automotive software. The company sells its products under the Holley EFI, Holley, MSD, Simpson, EDGE, Superchips, Diablosport, Accel, Flowmaster, and other brands through DTC, E-tailer, warehouse distributor, traditional retailer, automotive platforms, and jobber/installer channels. The company was founded in 1903 and is headquartered in Bowling Green, Kentucky.;tech
HLN;Haleon plc, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the research, development, manufacture, and sale of various consumer healthcare products in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Latin America, and the Asia Pacific. The company offers oral health products, such as toothpastes, mouth washes, and denture care products under the Sensodyne, Polident, Parodontax, Aquafresh, and Biotene brands; and vitamins, minerals, and supplements under Centrum, Emergen-C, Caltrate brands. It also provides various over-the-counter products comprising nasal drops, and cold, flu, and allergy relief products under Otrivine, Theraflu, and Flonase brands for respiratory issues; anti-inflammatory and pain relief products under Voltaren, Panadol, and Advil brands; and antacids and antihistamine products under TUMS, ENO, and Fenistil brands for digestive health and other issues. The company was formerly known as DRVW 2022 plc and changed its name to Haleon plc in February 2022. Haleon plc was founded in 1715 and is headquartered in Weybridge, the United Kingdom.;tech
HLX;Helix Energy Solutions Group, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, an offshore energy services company, provides specialty services to the offshore energy industry in Brazil, the United States, North Sea, the Asia Pacific, West Africa, and internationally. The company operates through four segments: Well Intervention, Robotics, Production Facilities, and Shallow Water Abandonment segments. It engages in the installation of flowlines, control umbilicals, and manifold assemblies and risers; trenching and burial of pipelines; installation and tie-in of riser and manifold assembly; commissioning, testing, and inspection; and cable and umbilical lay. The company also provides well intervention, intervention engineering, and production enhancement services; coiled tubing operations; and inspection, repair, and maintenance IRM of production structures, trees, jumpers, risers, pipelines, and subsea equipment, as well as related support services. In addition, it offers reclamation and remediation services; well plug and abandonment P&A services; pipeline, cable and umbilical abandonment services; and site inspections. Additionally, the company offers oil and natural gas processing facilities and services; and fast response system, as well as site clearance and subsea support services. Further, it provides offshore oilfield decommissioning and reclamation, subsea infrastructure flushing and abandonments, platform decommissioning and structure removals, subsea site clearance, project management, engineered solutions, intervention, maintenance, repair, heavy lift, and commercial diving services. It serves independent oil and gas producers and suppliers, pipeline transmission companies, renewable energy companies, and offshore engineering and construction firms. The company was formerly known as Cal Dive International, Inc. and changed its name to Helix Energy Solutions Group, Inc. in March 2006. The company was incorporated in 1979 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
HMC;Honda Motor Co., Ltd. develops, manufactures, and distributes motorcycles, automobiles, and power products in Japan, North America, Europe, Asia, and internationally. It operates through four segments: Motorcycle Business, Automobile Business, Financial Services Business, and Power Product and Other Businesses. The Motorcycle Business segment produces motorcycles, including sports, business, and commuter models; and various off-road vehicles, such as all-terrain vehicles and side-by-sides. The Automobile Business segment offers passenger cars, light trucks, and mini vehicles. The Financial Services Business segment provides various financial services, including retail lending and leasing services to customers, as well as wholesale financing services to dealers. The Power Product and Other Businesses manufactures and sells power products, such as general-purpose engines, lawn mowers, generators, water pumps, brush cutters, and tillers. This segment also offers HondaJet aircraft. The company also sells spare parts; and provides after-sales services through retail dealers directly, as well as through independent distributors and licensees. Honda Motor Co., Ltd. was founded in 1946 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.;tech
HMN;Horace Mann Educators Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, operates as an insurance holding company in the United States. It operates through Property & Casualty, Life & Retirement, and Supplemental & Group Benefits segments. The Property & Casualty segment offers insurance products, including private passenger auto insurance, residential home insurance, and personal umbrella insurance; standard auto coverage including liability, collision, and comprehensive; and property coverage for homeowners and renters. The Life & Retirement segment markets tax-qualified fixed, fixed indexed, and variable annuities; the Horace Mann Retirement Advantage open architecture platform and other defined contribution plans; traditional term, whole life insurance products, and indexed universal life (IUL) products. This segment also offers Life by Design, a portfolio of individual whole life and individual term insurance products that address the financial planning needs of educators; Life Select, a combination product that mixes a base of either traditional whole life, 20-pay life, or life paid-up at age 65 with a variety of term riders; single premium whole life products; and cash value term. The Supplemental & Group Benefits segment offers employer-sponsored products, including accident, critical illness, limited-benefit fixed indemnity insurance, term life, and short-term and long-term disability, as well as worksite direct products, such as supplemental heart, cancer, disability, and accident coverages. The company offers individual protection and savings solutions, including auto insurance, property insurance, liability insurance, 403(b) retirement plans, mutual funds, life insurance, student loan solutions, credit monitoring, and financial wellness workshops. It distributes its products and services through agents, brokers, and benefit specialists, as well as direct and digital channels. The company was founded in 1945 and is headquartered in Springfield, Illinois.;tech
HMY;Harmony Gold Mining Company Limited engages in the exploration, extraction, and processing of mineral properties in South Africa, Papua New Guinea, and Australasia. The company explores for gold, uranium, silver, and copper deposits. It has eight underground operations in the Witwatersrand Basin; the Kraaipan Greenstone Belt; and various surface source operations in South Africa. In addition, the company owns interests in the Hidden Valley, an open-pit gold and silver mine; and the Wafi-Golpu project located in Morobe Province in Papua New Guinea. Further, it holds interest in Rosby and Eva Copper Project located in Queensland, Australia. The company was incorporated in 1950 and is based in Randfontein, South Africa.;tech
HNGE;Hinge Health, Inc. develops health care software for joint and muscle health. The company designs its platform to address a musculoskeletal care, acute injury, chronic pain, and post-surgical rehabilitation. It also provides various administrative and operations support services. The company was founded in 2012 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
HNI;HNI Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the manufacture, sale, and marketing of workplace furnishings and residential building products primarily in the United States and Canada. It operates through two segments, Workplace Furnishings and Residential Building Products. The Workplace Furnishings segment offers panel-based and freestanding furniture systems, seating, storage, benching, tables, architectural products, storage, and ancillary and hospitality products, as well as social collaborative items under the HON, Allsteel, Beyond, Gunlocke, HBF, HBF Textiles, HNI India, Kimball, National, Etc., Interwoven, David Edward, Kimball Hospitality, and D'style brands. This segment sells its products through independent dealers, wholesalers, office product distributors, e-commerce focused resellers, and wholesalers, as well as directly to end-user customers and governments. The Residential Building Products segment provides various gas, wood, electric, and pellet-fueled prefabricated fireplaces; and inserts, hearth stoves, facings, outdoor fire pits and fire tables, and accessories. This segment sells its products primarily for home use under the Heatilator, Heat & Glo, Majestic, Monessen, Quadra-Fire, Harman, Vermont Castings, PelPro, Stellar, SimpliFire, The Outdoor GreatRoom Company, and Forge & Flame brand names through independent dealers and distributors, and corporation-owned distribution and retail outlets. The company was incorporated in 1944 and is headquartered in Muscatine, Iowa.;tech
HOG;Harley-Davidson, Inc. manufactures and sells motorcycles in the United States and internationally. The company operates in three segments: Harley-Davidson Motor Company, LiveWire, and Harley-Davidson Financial Services. The Harley-Davidson Motor Company segment designs, manufactures, and sells motorcycles, including cruiser, trike, touring, standard, sportbike, adventure, and dual sport, as well as motorcycle parts, accessories, and apparel, as well as licenses its trademarks and related services. This segment sells its products to retail customers through a network of independent dealers, as well as e-commerce channels. The LiveWire segment sells electric motorcycles, balance bikes for kids, parts and accessories, apparel, and related parts and services. The Harley-Davidson Financial Services segment provides wholesale financing services, such as floorplan and open account financing of motorcycles, and parts and accessories; and retail financing services, such as installment lending for the purchase of new and used Harley-Davidson motorcycles, as well as point-of-sale insurance and voluntary protection products. This segment also licenses third-party financial institutions that issue credit cards bearing the Harley-Davidson brand. Harley-Davidson, Inc. was founded in 1903 and is based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.;tech
HOMB;Home Bancshares, Inc. (Conway, AR) operates as the bank holding company for Centennial Bank that provides commercial and retail banking, and related financial services to businesses, real estate developers and investors, individuals, and municipalities in the United States. The company offers checking, savings, and money market accounts, as well as certificates of deposit. It also provides non-farm/non-residential real estate, construction/land development, residential mortgage, consumer, agricultural, and commercial and industrial loans. In addition, the company offers internet and mobile banking, voice response information, cash management, overdraft protection, direct deposit, and automatic account transfer services, as well as safe deposit boxes and the United States savings bonds. Further, it writes policies for commercial and personal lines of business, including insurance for property, casualty, life, health, and employee benefits. The company operates through branches in Arkansas, Florida, South Alabama, Texas, and New York City. Home Bancshares, Inc. (Conway, AR) was founded in 1903 and is headquartered in Conway, Arkansas.;tech
HP;Helmerich & Payne, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides drilling solutions and technologies for oil and gas exploration and production companies. The company operates through North America Solutions, Offshore Gulf of Mexico, and International Solutions segments. The North America Solutions segment conducts operations primarily in Texas, as well as in Colorado, Louisiana, New Mexico, North Dakota, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Utah, West Virginia, and Wyoming. The Offshore Gulf of Mexico segment has drilling operations in Louisiana and in U.S. federal waters in the Gulf of Mexico. The International Solutions segment conducts drilling operations in Saudi Arabia, Argentina, Bahrain, Australia, Colombia, and the United Arab Emirates. The company focuses on developing, promoting, and commercializing technologies designed to enhance the drilling operations, as well as wellbore quality and placement. It also owns and operates commercial real estate properties. In addition, the company's real estate investments include a shopping center. Helmerich & Payne, Inc. was founded in 1920 and is headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma.;tech
HPE;Hewlett Packard Enterprise Company provides solutions that allow customers to capture, analyze, and act upon data seamlessly. The company offers general purpose servers for multi-workload computing and workload-optimized servers; HPE ProLiant Rack and Tower servers; HPE Synergy, a composable infrastructure for traditional and cloud-native applications; HPE Scale Up Servers product lines for critical applications; HPE Edgeline servers; HPE Cray EX; HPE Cray XD; and HPE NonStop. It also provides HPE Aruba products include hardware products, such as Wi-Fi access points, switches, and gateways; HPE Aruba Networking software and services comprising cloud-based management, network management and access control, software-defined wide-area networking, network security, analytics and assurance, location services software, private and public cellular core software, and professional and support services, as well as as-a-service and consumption models through the HPE GreenLake cloud for the Intelligent Edge portfolio of products. In addition, the company offers leasing, financing, IT consumption, utility programs, and asset management services for customers to facilitate technology deployment models and the acquisition of various IT solutions, including hardware, software, and services from Hewlett Packard Enterprise and others; consultative-led services; HPE and partner technology expertise and advice, and implementation services, as well as solution engagement capabilities; the Communications and Media Solutions (CMS) that offers software and related services; and Hewlett Packard Labs for research and development. It serves commercial and large enterprise groups, such as business and public sector enterprises; and through various partners comprising resellers, distribution partners, original equipment manufacturers, independent software vendors, systems integrators, and advisory firms. The company was founded in 1939 and is headquartered in Spring, Texas.;tech
HPF;John Hancock Preferred Income Fund II is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by John Hancock Investment Management LLC. It is co-managed by John Hancock Asset Management. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in securities of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund primarily invests in preferred value stocks of companies, convertible preferred securities, and investment grade fixed-income securities rated investment grade or higher by Moody's or Standard & Poor's. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Hybrid Preferred Securities Index and Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index. John Hancock Preferred Income Fund II was formed on November 29, 2002 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
HPI;John Hancock Preferred Income Fund is a closed ended balanced mutual fund launched and managed by John Hancock Investment Management LLC. It is co-managed by John Hancock Asset Management. The fund invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in securities of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund primarily invests in preferred value stocks of companies, convertible preferred securities, and investment grade fixed-income securities rated investment grade or higher by Moody's or Standard & Poor's. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Hybrid Preferred Securities Index and Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index. John Hancock Preferred Income Fund was formed on August 27, 2002 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
HPP;Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc. is a real estate investment trust, or REIT, and the sole general partner of our operating partnership. As of June 30, 2025, Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc. owned approximately 97.5% of the ownership interest in our operating partnership (including unvested restricted units). The remaining approximately 2.5% interest was owned by certain of our executive officers and directors, certain of their affiliates and other outside investors and includes unvested operating partnership performance units. As the sole general partner of our operating partnership, Hudson Pacific Properties, Inc. has the full, exclusive and complete responsibility for our operating partnership's day-to-day management and control.;tech
HPQ;HP Inc. provides personal computing, printing, 3D printing, hybrid work, gaming, and other related technologies in the United States and internationally. The company operates through three segments: Personal Systems, Printing, and Corporate Investments. The Personal Systems segment offers commercial and consumer desktops and notebooks, workstations, thin clients, retail point-of-sale systems, displays, software, support, and services, as well as hybrid systems. The Printing segment provides consumer and commercial printer hardware, supplies, solutions, and services, as well as focuses on graphics and 3D printing and personalization solutions in the commercial and industrial markets. The Corporate Investments segment is involved in the business incubation and investment projects. It serves individual consumers, small- and medium-sized businesses, and large enterprises. The company was formerly known as Hewlett-Packard Company and changed its name to HP Inc. in October 2015. HP Inc. was founded in 1939 and is headquartered in Palo Alto, California.;tech
HPS;John Hancock Preferred Income Fund III is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by John Hancock Investment Management LLC. It is co-managed by John Hancock Asset Management. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in securities of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund primarily invests in preferred securities or other fixed-income securities rated investment grade or higher by Moody's or Standard & Poor's. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Bank of America Merrill Lynch Hybrid Preferred Securities Index and Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index. John Hancock Preferred Income Fund III was formed on June 19, 2003 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
HQH;Abrdn Healthcare Investors is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by abrdn Inc. The fund invests in public equity markets across the globe. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating in the healthcare sector, including the biotechnology, medical devices, and pharmaceuticals industries. The fund primarily invests in growth stocks of small cap companies. It employs fundamental analysis with a focus on factors such as current or anticipated market position for services or products, experienced business management, recognized technological expertise, and the ability either to generate funds internally to finance growth or to secure outside sources of capital to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the NASDAQ Biotechnology Index, the S&P 500 Index, and the S&P 1500 Healthcare Index. Abrdn Healthcare Investors was formed on October 31, 1986 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
HQL;Abrdn Life Sciences Investors is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by abrdn Inc. The fund invests in public equity markets across the globe. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating in the life sciences sector, including the biotechnology, pharmaceutical, diagnostics, managed healthcare, medical equipment, hospitals, healthcare information technology and services, devices and supplies industries, and in agriculture and environmental management industries. The fund primarily invests in growth stocks of small cap companies. It employs fundamental analysis with a focus on factors such as market position for services or products, experience of business management, technological expertise, and the ability either to generate funds internally to finance growth or to secure outside sources of capital to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the NASDAQ Biotech Index and the S&P 500 Index. Abrdn Life Sciences Investors was formed on February 20, 1992 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
HR;Healthcare Realty (NYSE: HR) is a real estate investment trust (REIT) that owns and operates medical outpatient buildings primarily located around market-leading hospital campuses. The Company selectively grows its portfolio through property acquisition and development. As of June 30, 2025, the Company was invested in 619 real estate properties in 32 states totaling 36.1 million square feet and had an enterprise value of approximately $10.5 billion, defined as equity market capitalization plus the principal amount of debt less cash.;tech
HRB;H&R Block, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides assisted and do-it-yourself (DIY) tax return preparation services in the United States, Canada, and Australia. The company also provides Refund Transfers, that enable clients to receive their tax refunds by their chosen method of disbursement; Peace of Mind extended service plans, that represents clients when audited and assumes the cost; H&R Block Emerald Prepaid Mastercard and Spruce, which are debit cards that can be used for everyday purchases and ATM withdrawals; H&R Block Emerald Advance term loans; Tax Identity Shield that provides clients assistance in helping protect their tax identity and access to services to help restore their tax identity; refund advance loans; and H&R Block Instant Refund. In addition, it offers small business financial solutions to manage finances, including payment processing, payroll, and bookkeeping services. The company its solutions through in-person; a system of retail offices operated directly by the company or its franchisees; and online and mobile applications, virtual, and desktop software. H&R Block, Inc. was incorporated in 1955 and is headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri.;tech
HRI;Herc Holdings Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an equipment rental supplier in the United States and internationally. It rents aerial, earthmoving, material handling, trucks and trailers, air compressors, compaction, and lighting equipment. The company offers ProSolutions, an industry specific solution-based services, which include power generation, climate control, remediation and restoration, pump, trench shoring, and studio and production equipment; and ProContractor professional grade tools. In addition, it provides various services, including repair, maintenance, equipment management, and safety training; and equipment re-rental and on-site support services, as well as ancillary services, such as equipment transport, rental protection, cleaning, refueling, and labor. Further, the company sells used equipment and contractor supplies, such as construction consumables, tools, small equipment, and safety supplies. It serves non-residential and residential construction, specialty trade, restoration, remediation and environment, and facility maintenance contractors; industrial manufacturing industries, including refineries and petrochemical, automotive and aerospace, power, metals and mining, agriculture, pulp, paper and wood, and food and beverage industries; infrastructure and government sectors; and commercial facilities, commercial warehousing, education, healthcare, data centers, hospitality, retail, special event management customers. The company sells its products through its sales team and industry catalogs, as well as through participation and sponsorship of industry events, trade shows, and Internet. Herc Holdings Inc. was incorporated in 1965 and is based in Bonita Springs, Florida.;tech
HRL;Hormel Foods Corporation develops, processes, and distributes various meat, nuts, and other food products to foodservice, convenience store, and commercial customers in the United States and internationally. It operates through three segments: Retail, Foodservice, and International segments. The company provides various perishable products that include fresh meats, frozen items, refrigerated meal solutions, bacons, sausages, hams, and guacamoles; and shelf-stable products comprising canned luncheon meats, nut butters, snack nuts, chili, shelf-stable microwaveable meals, hash, stews, tortillas, salsas, tortilla chips, nutritional food supplements, and others. It sells its products under the HORMEL, ALWAYS TENDER, APPLEGATE, AUSTIN BLUES, BACON 1, BLACK LABEL, BREAD READY, BURKE, CAFÉ H, CERATTI, CHI-CHI'S, COLUMBUS, COMPLEATS, CORN NUTS, CURE 81, DAN'S PRIZE, DI LUSSO, DINTY MOORE, DON MIGUEL, DOÑA MARIA, EMBASA, FAST N EASY, FIRE BRAISED, FONTANINI, HERDEZ, HORMEL GATHERINGS, HOUSE OF TSANG, JENNIE-O, JUSTIN'S, LA VICTORIA, LAYOUT, LLOYD'S, MARY KITCHEN, MR. PEANUT, NATURAL CHOICE, NUT-RITION, OLD SMOKEHOUSE, OVEN READY, PILLOW PACK, PLANTERS, ROSA GRANDE, SADLER'S SMOKEHOUSE, SKIPPY, SPAM, SQUARE TABLE, SPECIAL RECIPE, VALLEY FRESH, and WHOLLY brands through sales personnel, independent brokers, and distributors. The company was formerly known as Geo. A. Hormel & Company and changed its name to Hormel Foods Corporation in January 1995. Hormel Foods Corporation was founded in 1891 and is headquartered in Austin, Minnesota.;tech
HRTG;Heritage Insurance Holdings, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides personal and commercial residential insurance products. It offers personal residential insurance in Alabama, California, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Hawaii, Maryland, Massachusetts, Mississippi, New Jersey, New York, North Carolina, Rhode Island, South Carolina, and Virginia; and commercial residential property insurance in Florida, New Jersey, and New York. The company also provides homeowners insurance, condo insurance, dwelling fire, equipment coverage, and artisan contractor program. It offers insurance products through a network of independent agents. The company was founded in 2012 and is headquartered in Tampa, Florida.;tech
HSBC;HSBC Holdings plc engages in the provision of banking and financial products and services worldwide. It operates through three segments: Wealth and Personal Banking, Commercial Banking, and Global Banking and Markets. The Wealth and Personal Banking segment offers retail banking and wealth products, including current and savings accounts, mortgages and personal loans, credit and debit cards, and local and international payment services; and wealth management services comprising insurance and investment products, global asset management services, and investment management and private wealth solutions. This segment serves personal banking and high net worth individuals. The Commercial Banking segment provides credit and lending, treasury management, payment, cash management, commercial insurance, and investment services; commercial cards; international trade and receivables finance services; foreign exchange products; capital raising services on debt and equity markets; and advisory services. It serves small and medium sized enterprises, mid-market enterprises, and corporates. The Global Banking and Markets segment offers financing, advisory, and transaction services; and credit, rates, foreign exchange, equities, money markets, and securities services; and investment services. It serves government, corporate and institutional clients, and private investors. The company was founded in 1865 and is based in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
HSY;The Hershey Company, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the manufacture and sale of confectionery products and pantry items in the United States and internationally. The company operates through three segments: North America Confectionery, North America Salty Snacks, and International. It offers chocolate and non-chocolate confectionery products; gum and mint refreshment products, including mints, chewing gums, and bubble gums; protein bars; pantry items, such as baking ingredients, toppings, beverages, and sundae syrups; and snack items comprising spreads, bars, snack bites, mixes, popcorn, and pretzels. The company provides its products primarily under the Hershey's, Reese's, Kisses, Jolly Rancher, Almond Joy, Brookside, barkTHINS, Cadbury, Good & Plenty, Heath, Kit Kat, Payday, Rolo, Twizzlers, Sour Strips, Whoppers, York, Ice Breakers, Breath Savers, Bubble Yum, Lily's, SkinnyPop, Pirates Booty, Dot's Homestyle Pretzels, and ONE Bar brands, as well as under the Pelon Pelo Rico, IO-IO, and Sofit brands. It markets and sells its products to wholesale distributors, chain grocery stores, mass merchandisers, chain drug stores, vending companies, wholesale clubs, convenience stores, dollar stores, concessionaires, and department stores. The company exports its products in approximately 80 countries worldwide. The Hershey Company was founded in 1894 and is headquartered in Hershey, Pennsylvania.;tech
HTB;HomeTrust Bancshares, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for HomeTrust Bank that provides a range of retail and commercial banking products and services in North Carolina, South Carolina, East Tennessee, Southwest Virginia, and Georgia. The company's deposit products include savings, money market, noninterest-bearing, and interest-bearing checking accounts, as well as certificates of deposit for individuals, businesses, and nonprofit organizations. Its loan portfolio comprises one-to-four-family real estate lending, multifamily, home equity lines of credit, construction and land development, indirect auto finance, and consumer lending; and commercial loans that include commercial real estate, construction and land development, and commercial and industrial loans. The company also provides small business administration loans, equipment finance leases, and municipal leases, as well as cash management and online/mobile banking services. In addition, it invests in debt securities issued by the United States government agencies and government-sponsored enterprises, municipal bonds, corporate bonds, commercial paper and certificates of deposit insured by the federal deposit insurance corporation. HomeTrust Bancshares, Inc. was founded in 1926 and is headquartered in Asheville, North Carolina.;tech
HTD;John Hancock Tax-Advantaged Dividend Income Fund is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by John Hancock Investment Management LLC. It is co-managed by John Hancock Asset Management and Analytic Investors, LLC. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors, with an emphasis on the utilities sector. The fund primarily invests in dividend-paying common and preferred stocks of companies which have dividends that qualify for a more favorable long-term capital gains tax rate. It invests in stocks of companies across diversified market capitalizations. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against a composite benchmark comprised of 55% Bank of America Merrill Lynch Preferred Stock DRD Eligible Index and 45% S&P 500 Utilities Index. John Hancock Tax-Advantaged Dividend Income Fund was formed on February 27, 2004 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
HTFB;Horizon Technology Finance Corporation is a business development company specializing in lending and and investing in development-stage investments. It focuses on making secured debt and venture lending investments to venture capital backed companies in the technology, life science, healthcare information and services, cleantech and sustainability industries. It seeks to invest in companies in the United States.;tech
HTGC;Hercules Capital, Inc. is a business development company. The firm specializing in providing private equity, venture debt, and growth capital to privately held venture capital-backed companies at all stages of development from mid venture to expansion stage including select publicly listed companies and select special opportunity companies that require additional capital to fund acquisitions, recapitalizations and refinancing and established-stage companies. The firm provides growth capital financing solutions for capital extension; management buy-out and corporate spin-out financing solutions; company, asset specific, or intellectual property acquisition financing; convertible, subordinated and/or mezzanine loans; domestic and international corporate expansion; vendor financing; revenue acceleration by sales and marketing development, and manufacturing expansion. It provides asset-based financing with a focus on cash flow; accounts receivable facilities; equipment loans or leases; equipment acquisition; facilities build-out and/or expansion; working capital revolving lines of credit; inventory. The firm also provides bridge financing to IPO or mergers and acquisitions or technology acquisition; dividend recapitalizations and other sources of investor liquidity; cash flow financing to protect against share price volatility; competitor acquisition; pre-IPO financing for extra cash on the balance sheet; public company financing to continue asset growth and production capacity; short-term bridge financing; and strategic and intellectual property acquisition financings. It also focuses on customized financing solutions, emerging growth, mid venture, and late venture financing. The firm invests primarily in structured debt with warrants and, to a lesser extent, in senior debt and equity investments. The firm generally seeks to invest in companies that have been operating for at least six to 12 months prior to the date of their investment. It prefers to invest in technology, SaaS Finance, energy technology, sustainable and renewable technology, and life sciences. Within technology the firm focuses on advanced specialty materials and chemicals; communication and networking, consumer and business products; consumer products and services, digital media and consumer internet; electronics and computer hardware; enterprise software and services; gaming; healthcare services; information services; business services; media, content and information; mobile; resource management; security software; semiconductors; semiconductors and hardware; and software sector. Within energy technology, it invests in agriculture; clean technology; energy and renewable technology, fuels, and power technology; geothermal; smart grid and energy efficiency and monitoring technologies; solar; and wind. Within life sciences, the firm invests in biopharmaceuticals; biotechnology tools; diagnostics; drug discovery, drug platform, development, and delivery; medical devices and equipment; surgical devices; therapeutics; pharma services; and specialty pharmaceuticals. Within sustainable and renewables, it invests in Vehicle Technology, Energy Generation and Storage, Ag Technology, Advanced Materials, and Industry 4.0. It also invests in educational services. The firm invests primarily in United States based companies and considers investment in the West Coast, Mid-Atlantic regions, Southeast and Midwest, particularly in the areas of software, biotech, and information services. The firm prefers to invest between $5 million and $200 million in equity per transactions. It invests generally between $1 million and $40 million in companies focused primarily on business services, communications, electronics, hardware, and healthcare services. The firm invests primarily in private companies but also have investments in public companies. For equity investments, the firm seeks to represent a controlling interest in its portfolio companies which may exceed 25% of the voting securities of such companies. The firm seeks to invest a limited portion of its assets in equipment-based loans to early-stage prospective portfolio companies. These loans are generally for amounts up to $3 million but may be up to $15 million for certain energy technology venture investments. The firm allows certain debt investments have the right to convert a portion of the debt investment into equity. It also co-invests with other private equity firms. The firm seeks to exit its investments through initial public offering, a private sale of equity interest to a third party, a merger or an acquisition of the company or a purchase of the equity position by the company or one of its stockholders. The firm has structured debt with warrants which typically have maturities of between two and seven years with an average of three years; senior debt with an investment horizon of less than three years; equipment loans with an investment horizon ranging from three to four years; and equity related securities with an investment horizon ranging from three to seven years. The firm prefers to invest through its balance sheet capital. The firm formerly known as Hercules Technology Growth Capital, Inc. Hercules Capital, Inc. was founded in December 2003 and is based in San Mateo, California with additional offices in North America and Europe.;tech
HTH;Hilltop Holdings Inc. provides business and consumer banking services. It operates through three segments: Banking, Broker-Dealer, and Mortgage Origination. The Banking segment offers savings, checking, interest-bearing checking, and money market accounts; certificates of deposit; lines and letters of credit, home improvement and equity loans, loans for purchasing and carrying securities, term, agricultural and commercial real estate, equipment loans, and other lending products; and mortgage, commercial and industrial loans, and term and construction finance. It provides treasury management, asset management, check cards, safe deposit boxes, online banking, bill pay, and overdraft privilege services; and estate planning, management and administration, investment portfolio management, employee benefit accounts, and individual retirement accounts services, as well as automated teller machines. The Broker-Dealer segment offers public finance services that assist public entities in originating, syndicating, and distributing securities of municipalities and political subdivisions; specialized advisory and investment banking services; advice and guidance to arbitrage rebate compliance, portfolio management, and local government investment pool administration; advisory services and products for derivatives and commodities; agricultural insurance; and sells, trades in, and underwrites U.S. government and government agency bonds, corporate bonds, and municipal bonds; mortgage-backed, asset-backed, and commercial mortgage-backed securities and structured products; and provides asset and liability management advisory, clearing, retail, and securities lending services. The Mortgage Origination segment offers fixed and adjustable rate mortgages, jumbo, new construction, Federal Housing Administration, Veterans Affairs, and United States Department of Agriculture loans. Hilltop Holdings Inc. was incorporated in 1998 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
HUBB;Hubbell Incorporated, together with its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and sells electrical and utility solutions in the United States and internationally. It operates through two segments, Electrical Solutions and Utility Solutions. The Electrical Solution segment offers standard and special application wiring device products, rough-in electrical products, connector and grounding products, lighting fixtures, and other electrical equipment for use in industrial, commercial, and institutional facilities by electrical contractors, maintenance personnel, electricians, utilities, and telecommunications companies, as well as components and assemblies. It also designs and manufactures various industrial controls, and communication systems for use in the non-residential and industrial markets, as well as in the oil and gas, and mining industries. This segment sells its products through electrical and industrial distributors, home centers, retail and hardware outlets, lighting showrooms, and residential product-oriented internet sites; and special application products primarily through wholesale distributors to contractors, industrial customers, and original equipment manufacturers. The Utility Solution segment designs, manufactures, and sells electrical distribution, transmission, substation, and telecommunications products, such as arresters, insulators, connectors, anchors, bushings, and enclosures cutoffs and switches; and utility infrastructure products, including smart meters, communications systems, and protection and control devices. This segment sells its products to distributors. Its brand portfolio includes Hubbell, Kellems, Bryant, Burndy, CMC, Bell, TayMac, Wiegmann, Killark, Hawke, Aclara, Fargo, Quazite, Hot Box, etc. The company was founded in 1888 and is headquartered in Shelton, Connecticut.;tech
HUBS;HubSpot, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides a cloud-based customer relationship management (CRM) platform for businesses in the Americas, Europe, and the Asia Pacific. The company's CRM platform includes Marketing Hub, a toolset for marketing automation and email, social media, SEO, and reporting and analytics; Sales Hub offers email templates and tracking, conversations and live chat, meeting and call scheduling, lead and website visit alerts, lead scoring, sales automation, pipeline management, quoting, forecasting, and reporting; Service Hub, a service software designed to help businesses manage, respond, and connect with customers; and Content Hub enables businesses to create new and edit existing web content. It offers Operations Hub, which is designed for customer data to automate business processes, data cleanup, and provide customer insights and connections; and Commerce Hub, a B2B commerce suite. In addition, the company provides professional services to educate and train customers on how to utilize its CRM platform; and customer success, as well as phone and/or email and chat-based support services. It serves mid-market business-to-business companies. The company was incorporated in 2005 and is headquartered in Cambridge, Massachusetts.;tech
HUM;Humana Inc. provides medical and specialty insurance products in the United States. It operates in two segments, Insurance and CenterWell. It offers medical care and supplemental benefit plans to individuals. The company also has a contract with Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services to administer the Limited Income Newly Eligible Transition prescription drug plan program; and contracts with various states to provide Medicaid, dual eligible, and long-term support services benefits. In addition, it provides commercial fully-insured medical and specialty health insurance benefits comprising dental, vision, and other supplemental health benefits, as well as administrative services only products to individuals and employer groups; and military services, such as TRICARE T2017 East Region contract. Further, the company engages in the operation of pharmacy benefit manager business; operates pharmacies and senior focused primary care centers; and offers home solutions services, such as home health, hospice, and other services to its health plan members, as well as to third parties. It sells its products through employers and employees, independent brokers and agents, sales representatives, and digital insurance agencies. The company was formerly known as Extendicare Inc. and changed its name to Humana Inc. in April 1974. Humana Inc. was founded in 1961 and is headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky.;tech
HUN;Huntsman Corporation manufactures and sells diversified organic chemical products worldwide. The company operates in three segments: Polyurethanes, Performance Products, and Advanced Materials. The Polyurethanes segment offers polyurethane chemicals, including methyl diphenyl diisocyanate, polyether and polyester polyols, and thermoplastic polyurethane; and aniline, benzene, nitrobenzene and other co-products. The Performance Products segment manufactures amines, such as polyetheramines, ethyleneamines, DGA Agent, JEFFCAT catalysts, and E-GRADE specialty amines and carbonates; and maleic anhydrides. The Advanced Materials segment offers epoxy, phenoxy, acrylic, polyurethane, and acrylonitrile-butadiene-based polymer formulations; and thermoset resins, curing and toughening agents, and carbon nanomaterials. The company provides pre-and post-sales technical service support to customers. Its products are used in a range of applications, including adhesives, aerospace, automotive, construction products, durable and non-durable consumer products, electronics, insulation, packaging, coatings and construction, power generation, and refining, as well as serves the elastomers, insulation, footwear, furniture, industrial, oil and gas, liquid natural gas transport, printed circuit boards, consumer, appliances, electrical power transmission and distribution, recreational sports equipment, and medical appliances markets. It sells its products through a network of distributors and agents. Huntsman Corporation was founded in 1970 and is headquartered in The Woodlands, Texas.;tech
HUYA;HUYA Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates game live streaming platforms in the People's Republic of China. Its platforms enable broadcasters and viewers to interact during live streaming. The company also offers non-game entertainment content, such as talent shows, anime, outdoor activities, live chats, and online theater. In addition, it operates Nimo TV, a game live streaming platform; and promotes and distributes game applications in international markets. Further, the company provides online advertising, software development, internet value added, and cultural and creative services. It serves broadcasters and talent agencies. The company was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Guangzhou, China. HUYA Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Tencent Holdings Limited.;tech
HVT;Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. operates as a specialty retailer of residential furniture and accessories in the United States. The company offers furniture merchandise under the Havertys brand name. It also provides custom upholstery products and eclectic looks; and mattress product lines under the Tempur-Pedic, Serta, Sealy, Beautyrest, and Stearns and Foster names. The company sells home furnishings through its retail stores, as well as through its website. Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. was founded in 1885 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
HWM;Howmet Aerospace Inc. provides advanced engineered solutions for the aerospace and transportation industries in the United States, Japan, France, Germany, the United Kingdom, Mexico, Italy, Canada, Poland, China, and internationally. It operates through four segments: Engine Products, Fastening Systems, Engineered Structures, and Forged Wheels. The Engine Products segment offers airfoils and seamless rolled rings primarily for aircraft engines and industrial gas turbines; and rotating and structural parts. The Fastening Systems segment produces aerospace fastening systems, as well as commercial transportation, industrial, and other fasteners; and latches, bearings, fluid fittings, and installation tools. The Engineered Structures segment provides titanium ingots and mill products, aluminum and nickel forgings, and machined components and assemblies for aerospace and defense applications; and titanium forgings, extrusions, and forming and machining services for airframe, wing, aero-engine, and landing gear components. The Forged Wheels segment offers forged aluminum wheels and related products for heavy-duty trucks and commercial transportation markets. The company was formerly known as Arconic Inc. Howmet Aerospace Inc. was founded in 1888 and is based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.;tech
HXL;Hexcel Corporation develops, manufactures, and markets carbon fibers, structural reinforcements, honeycomb structures, resins, and composite materials and parts for use in commercial aerospace, space and defense, and industrial applications. It operates through two segments, Composite Materials and Engineered Products. The Composite Materials segment manufactures and markets carbon fibers, fabrics, multi-axials, specialty reinforcements, prepregs and other fiber-reinforced matrix materials, structural adhesives, honeycomb, molding compounds, tooling materials, polyurethane systems, and laminates that are used in military and commercial aircraft, wind turbine blades, recreational products, and other industrial applications, as well as in automotive, marine, and rail transportation. The Engineered Products segment manufactures and markets aircraft structures and finished aircraft components, including wing to body fairings, wing panels, flight deck panels, door liners, rotorcraft blades, spars, and tip caps; and aircraft structural sub-components and semi-finished components used in rotorcraft blades, engine nacelles, and aircraft surfaces, such as flaps, wings, elevators, and fairings; and RF interference control products for military and aerospace applications. This segment also provides interference control materials, structural composites, and services; dielectric absorber foams; magnetic absorbers; and thermoplastics for commercial and defense applications. The company sells its products directly through its managers, product managers, and sales personnel, as well as through independent distributors in the Americas, Europe, the Asia Pacific, India, and Africa. Hexcel Corporation was founded in 1946 and is headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut.;tech
HY;Hyster-Yale, Inc., through its subsidiaries, designs, engineers, manufactures, sells, and services a line of lift trucks, attachments, and aftermarket parts worldwide. The company manufactures components, such as frames, masts, and transmissions; and assembles lift trucks. It markets its products primarily under the Hyster and Yale brand names to independent Hyster and Yale retail dealerships. The company also offers aftermarket parts under the UNISOURCE and PREMIER brand names; attachments, and forks, and lift tables under the Bolzoni, Auramo, and Meyer brand names. It is involved in designing, manufacturing, and sale of hydrogen fuel-cell stacks and engines, as well as designs and produces products in the port equipment and rough terrain forklift markets. The company was formerly known as Hyster-Yale Materials Handling, Inc. and changed its name to Hyster-Yale, Inc. in June 2024. Hyster-Yale, Inc. was incorporated in 1991 and is headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio.;tech
HZO;MarineMax, Inc. operates as a recreational boat and yacht retailer and superyacht services company in the United States. It operates through two segments, Retail Operations and Product Manufacturing. The company sells new and used recreational boats, including pleasure and fishing boats, mega-yachts, yachts, sport cruisers, motor yachts, e-power yachts, pontoon boats, ski boats, jet boats, and other recreational boats. It also offers marine parts and accessories comprising marine electronics; dock and anchoring products that include boat fenders, lines, and anchors; boat covers; trailer parts; water sport accessories, which comprise tubes, lines, wakeboards, and skis; engine parts; oils; lubricants; steering and control systems; corrosion control products and service products; high-performance accessories, including propellers and instruments; and a line of boating accessories, such as life jackets, inflatables, and water sports equipment. In addition, the company provides novelty items, such as shirts, caps, and license plates; marine engines and equipment; maintenance, repair, and slip and storage services; and boat or yacht brokerage services, as well as yacht charters and power catamarans. Further, it offers new or used boat finance services; arranges insurance coverage, including boat property, disability, undercoating, gel sealant, fabric protection, trailer tire and wheel protection, and casualty insurance coverage; and manufactures and sells sport yachts and yachts. Additionally, the company operates MarineMax vacations in Tortola and British Virgin Islands. It also markets and sells its products through offsite locations and print catalog. MarineMax, Inc. was incorporated in 1998 and is based in Oldsmar, Florida.;tech
IAE;Voya Asia Pacific High Dividend Equity Income Fund is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched by Voya Investment Management LLC. The fund is co-managed by Voya Investments, LLC and NNIP Advisors B.V. It invests in the public equity markets of the Asia Pacific region. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in dividend-paying stocks of companies. The fund also invests through derivatives having economic characteristics similar to the equity securities such as call options on selected indices and/or equity securities. It employs a combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach, focusing on such factors as liquidity and dividend yield, cash flow strength, capital structure, capital expenditures, and operating margins to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI All Country Asia Pacific ex-Japan Index. It was formerly known as ING Asia Pacific High Dividend Equity Income Fund. Voya Asia Pacific High Dividend Equity Income Fund was formed on January 8, 2007 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
IBM;International Business Machines Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides integrated solutions and services in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. It operates through Software, Consulting, Infrastructure, and Financing segments. The Software segment offers hybrid cloud and AI platforms that allows clients to realize their digital and AI transformations across the applications, data, and environments in which they operate. Its Consulting segment focuses on skills integration for strategy, experience, technology, and operations by domain and industry. The Infrastructure segment provides on-premises and cloud based server, and storage solutions, as well as life-cycle services for hybrid cloud infrastructure deployment. Its Financing segment offers client and commercial financing, facilitates IBM clients' acquisition of hardware, software, and services. It has strategic partnership with various companies, including hyperscalers, service providers, system integrators, and software and hardware vendors that includes Adobe, Amazon Web services, Microsoft, Oracle, Salesforce, Samsung Electronics and SAP, and others. The company was formerly known as Computing-Tabulating-Recording Co. International Business Machines Corporation was incorporated in 1911 and is headquartered in Armonk, New York.;tech
IBN;ICICI Bank Limited, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the provision of various banking and financial services to retail and corporate customers in India and internationally. The company operates through Retail Banking, Wholesale Banking, Treasury, Other Banking, Life Insurance, General Insurance, and Others segments. It offers savings, salary, pension, current, trade, escrow, foreign currency, and vostro accounts, as well as time, fixed, recurring, and security deposits. The company also provides home, car, two-wheeler, personal, education, gold, and commercial business loans, as well as loans against securities, shares, mutual funds, and property; working capital finance, term loans, collateral free loans, loans without financials, finance for importers and exporters, and overdraft facilities, as well as loans for new entities and card swipes; and credit, debit, prepaid, travel, forex, and corporate cards. In addition, it offers pockets wallet; fixed income products; investment products, such as mutual funds, gold monetization schemes, initial public offerings, and other online investment services; and agri and rural business, farmer finance, tractor loans, and micro banking services. Further, the company provides portfolio management, trade, foreign exchange, locker, private and NRI banking, and cash management services; family wealth and demat accounts; commercial and investment banking, capital market, custodial, and institutional banking services; general, life health, personal accident, fire, travel, and motor insurance products; and internet, mobile, and phone banking services. Additionally, it offers securities investment, broking, trading, and underwriting services; and merchant banking, trusteeship, housing finance, pension fund management, asset management, investment advisory, points of presence, and private equity/venture capital fund management services. The company was founded in 1955 and is headquartered in Mumbai, India.;tech
IBP;Installed Building Products, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the installation of insulation for residential and commercial builders in the United States. It operates through three segments: Installation, Distribution, and Manufacturing Operations. The company offers a range of insulation materials, such as fiberglass and cellulose, and spray foam insulation materials. It is also involved in the installation of insulation and sealant materials in various areas of a structure, which includes basement and crawl space, building envelope, attic, and acoustical applications. In addition, the company installs a range of caulk and sealant products that control air infiltration in residential and commercial buildings; basic sliding door and complex custom designs; and custom designed mirrors, as well as closet shelving systems. Further, it installs and services garage doors and openers, including steel, aluminum, wood, and vinyl garage doors, as well as opener systems; installs waterproofing and caulking and moisture protection systems; offers sheet and hot applied waterproofing membrane, deck coating, bentonite, and air and vapor systems; and provides rain gutters installation services. Additionally, the company provides fire-stopping systems, including fire-rated joint assemblies, perimeter fire containment, and smoke and fire containment systems installation services; and cordless blinds, shades, and shutters installation services, as well as other complementary building products. It also distributes products and materials purchased wholesale from manufacturers, such as spray foam insulation, metal building insulation, residential insulation, and mechanical and fabricated Styrofoam insulation; and insulation products, including equipment, machines, and services. The company was formerly known as CCIB Holdco, Inc. Installed Building Products, Inc. was founded in 1977 and is based in Columbus, Ohio.;tech
IBTA;Ibotta, Inc., a technology company, provides digital promotion services to clients in the United States. The company sources digital promotions from its clients primarily consumer packaged goods brands and distributes these promotions to consumers through its network of publishers enabled by Ibotta Performance Network (IPN), a technology platform. It offers promotional services to publishers, retailers, and advertisers through the IPN, including direct-to-consumer mobile, web, and browser extension properties, as well as third-party publisher properties. The company also provides various digital ad products, such as display ads, tiles, sponsored offers, newsletters, and feature placements. The company was formerly known as Zing Enterprises, Inc. and changed its name to Ibotta, Inc. in 2012. Ibotta, Inc. was incorporated in 2011 and is headquartered in Denver, Colorado.;tech
ICE;Intercontinental Exchange, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides technology and data to financial institutions, corporations, and government entities in the United States, the United Kingdom, the European Union, India, Israel, Canada, and Singapore. It operates through three segments: Exchanges, Fixed Income and Data Services, and Mortgage Technology. The Exchanges segment operates regulated marketplace technology for the listing, trading, and clearing of an array of derivatives contracts and financial securities, as well as data and connectivity services related to its exchanges and clearing houses. The Fixed Income and Data Services segment provides fixed income pricing, reference data, indices, analytics, and execution services, as well as global CDS clearing and multi-asset class data delivery technology. The Mortgage Technology segment offers a technology platform that provides customers comprehensive and digital workflow tools to address inefficiencies and mitigate risks that exist in the U.S. residential mortgage market life cycle from application through closing, servicing, and the secondary market. The company was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
ICL;ICL Group Ltd, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a specialty minerals and chemicals company worldwide. It operates in four segments: Industrial Products, Potash, Phosphate Solutions, and Growing Solutions. The Industrial Products segment produces bromine out of a solution that is a by-product of the potash production process, as well as bromine-based compounds; sells various grades of potash, salt, magnesium chloride, and magnesia products; and produces and markets phosphorous-based flame retardants and other phosphorus-based products. The Potash segment produces and sells potash, salt, magnesium, electricity, and magnesium alloys; and related by-products, including chlorine and sylvinite. The Phosphate segment uses phosphate commodity products to produce specialty products; sells phosphate-based fertilizers, as well as sulphuric and green phosphoric acid, and phosphate fertilizers; and offers phosphate salts and acids. It also develops and produces functional food ingredients and phosphate additives. The Growing Solutions segment develops, manufactures, markets, and sells fertilizers based primarily on nitrogen, potash, and phosphate, including water-soluble specialty, liquid, soluble, and controlled-release fertilizers, as well as secondary nutrients, bio-stimulants, soil conditioners, seed treatment products, and adjuvants. The company also offers digital platforms and technological solutions for farmers and agronomists. It serves pharmaceutical, food, oil and gas, de-icing, building and construction, oral care, paints and coatings, water treatment, electronics, automotive, agriculture, textiles, tire manufacturing, and healthcare industries, as well as power plants and battery producers. It sells its products through marketing companies, agents, and distributors. The company was formerly known as Israel Chemicals Ltd. and changed its name to ICL Group Ltd in May 2020. The company was incorporated in 1968 and is headquartered in Tel Aviv, Israel.;tech
IDA;IDACORP, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the generation, transmission, distribution, purchase, and sale of electric energy in the United States. The company operates 17 hydropower generating plants located in southern Idaho and eastern Oregon; and three natural gas-fired plants situated in southern Idaho, as well as interests in a coal-fired and natural gas-fired steam generating plant located in Wyoming; and interests in a coal-fired steam generating plant situated in Nevada. As of December 31, 2024, it had approximately 4,755 pole miles of high-voltage transmission lines; 23 step-up transmission substations located at power plants; 21 transmission substations; 12 switching stations; 30 mixed-use transmission and distribution substations; 187 energized distribution substations; approximately 29,660 linear miles of distribution lines; and a capacity of 908 MWh of battery storage. The company provides electric utility services to approximately 649,000 retail customers in southern Idaho and eastern Oregon. It serves commercial and industrial customers, which involved in food processing, electronics and general manufacturing, agriculture, health care, government, education, and information technology. The company also invests in housing and other real estate tax credit investments. IDACORP, Inc. was founded in 1915 and is headquartered in Boise, Idaho.;tech
IDE;Voya Infrastructure, Industrials and Materials Fund is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched by Voya Investment Management LLC. The fund is co-managed by Voya Investments, LLC and Voya Investment Management Co. LLC. It invests in public equity markets across the globe. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating in the infrastructure, industrials, and materials sectors. It primarily invests in value stocks of companies. The fund also invests through derivatives having economic characteristics similar to the equity securities, such as call options on selected indices and/or exchange-traded funds. It employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach, focusing on factors like growth prospects, resilient earnings potential across market cycles, disciplined capital allocation management, and a strong competitive position to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI All Country World Index. It was formerly known as ING Infrastructure, Industrials and Materials Fund. Voya Infrastructure, Industrials and Materials Fund was formed on January 26, 2010 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
IDT;IDT Corporation provides communications and payment services in the United States, the United Kingdom, and internationally. It operates through four segments: Fintech, National Retail Solutions, net2phone, and Traditional Communications. The company operates point of sale, a terminal-based platform which provides independent retailers store management software, electronic payment processing, and other ancillary merchant services; and provides marketers with digital out-of-home advertising and transaction data. It also offers BOSS Money for international money remittance, and related value and payment transfer services; and Leaf, a digital wallet services which operates money transfer businesses, as well as net2phone, a unified communications as a service. In addition, the company provides IDT Digital Payments enables businesses, entrepreneurs, and developers to offer prepaid digital offerings including mobile airtime top-up, mobile data bundles, digital gift cards, and prepaid utility payments through its Zendit platform; and BOSS Revolution Calling, which provides international long-distance voice services primarily to immigrant communities in the United States and Canada. Further, it offers IDT Global, a wholesale provider of international voice and SMS termination, and outsourced traffic management solutions to telecoms; and IDT Express, a mobile self-service portal paired with dedicated account managers backed by customer support. IDT Corporation was incorporated in 1978 and is headquartered in Newark, New Jersey.;tech
IEX;IDEX Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides applied solutions in the United States, rest of North America, Europe, Asia, and internationally. The company operates through three segments: Fluid & Metering Technologies (FMT), Health & Science Technologies (HST), and Fire & Safety/Diversified Products (FSDP). The FMT segment designs, produces, and distributes positive displacement pumps, valves, small volume provers, flow meters, injectors, and other fluid-handling pump modules and systems, as well as flow monitoring and other services for the general industrial, water and wastewater, energy, chemical, agriculture, semiconductor, and food and pharmaceutical industries. The HST segment designs, produces, and distributes precision fluidics, positive displacement pumps, powder and liquid processing technologies, drying systems, micro-precision components, pneumatic components and sealing solutions, moulded and extruded sealing components, shaft seals, engineered hygienic mixers and valves, biocompatible medical devices and implantable, air compressors and blowers, optical components and coatings, laboratory and commercial equipment, technical ceramics and hermetic sealing products, porous material structures, flow control solutions, and precision photonic solutions. This segment serves life sciences, general industrial, analytical instruments, semiconductor, food and pharmaceutical, energy, automotive, aerospace/defense, and medical/dental markets. The FSDP segment designs, produces, and distributes firefighting pumps, valves and controls, rescue tools, engineered stainless steel banding and clamping devices, lifting bags, other components and systems, and precision equipment for dispensing, metering, and mixing colorants and paints. This segment serves fire suppression, paint dispensing, rescue tools, automotive, general industrial, aerospace/defense, and energy markets. The company was incorporated in 1987 and is headquartered in Northbrook, Illinois.;tech
IFF;International Flavors & Fragrances Inc., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and markets food, beverage, health and biosciences, scent, pharma solutions, and complementary adjacent products in the United States, Europe, and internationally. It operates in four segments Nourish, Health & Biosciences, Scent, and Pharma Solutions. The Nourish segment consists of portfolio of natural-based ingredients that includes plant-based specialty food ingredients, such as soy and pea protein with value-added formulations, emulsifiers, and sweeteners; food protection ingredients, including natural antioxidants, and anti-microbials for natural food preservation and shelf-life extension; savory solutions, such as spices, marinades, and mixtures; combining flavourings with fruits, vegetables, and other natural ingredients products; a range of flavor compounds used in savory products, such as soups, sauces, meat, fish, poultry, and snacks; and beverages juice drinks, carbonated or flavored beverages, and spirits, as well as sweets bakery products, candy, cereal, and chewing gum; and dairy products, such as yogurt, ice cream, and cheese, as well as spices and seasoning ingredients. Its Health & Biosciences is comprised of health, cultures and food enzymes, home and personal care, animal nutrition, and grain processing. The Scent segment creates fragrance compounds, and fragrance ingredients. Its Pharma Solutions segment produces cellulosics and seaweed-based pharmaceutical excipients. The company was incorporated in 1909 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
IFN;The India Fund, Inc. is a close ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Aberdeen Standard Investments (Asia) Limited. The fund invests in public equity markets of India. It seeks to invest in stocks of small-cap, mid-cap, and large-cap companies. The fund employs a quantitative and fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking and asset allocation approach to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the IFC Investable India Index. The India Fund, Inc. was formed on December 27, 1993 and is domiciled in the Singapore.;tech
IFS;Intercorp Financial Services Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides banking, insurance, wealth management, and payment services for retail and commercial clients in Peru. The company offers loans, credit facilities, deposits, and current accounts; life annuity products with single payment and life insurance products, as well as other retail insurance products; and brokerage and investment management services. It also engages in the development, management, operation, and processing of credit and debit cards; facilitation of payments and services through commercial stores; and installation and maintenance of infrastructure for transactions through electronic commerce modality and networks of payment methods processors. In addition, the company manages mutual funds and investment funds; and provides investment consultancy and related services. The company was incorporated in 1897 and is headquartered in Lima, Peru. Intercorp Financial Services Inc. is a subsidiary of Intercorp Perú Ltd.;tech
IGA;Voya Global Advantage and Premium Opportunity Fund is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched by Voya Investment Management LLC. The fund is co-managed by Voya Investments, LLC, Voya Investment Management Co. LLC, and NNIP Advisors B.V. It invests in public equity markets across the globe. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in value stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. The fund also invests through index call options on selected indices, equities, and/or exchange-traded funds. It employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach and a proprietary discounted cash flow valuation model, focusing on such factors as sales, margins, and capital use to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI World Index. It was formerly known as ING Global Advantage and Premium Opportunity Fund. Voya Global Advantage and Premium Opportunity Fund was formed on July 7, 2005 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
IGD;Voya Global Equity Dividend and Premium Opportunity Fund is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched by Voya Investment Management LLC. The fund is co-managed by Voya Investments, LLC and NNIP Advisors B.V. It invests in public equity markets across the globe. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in dividend paying stocks of companies having a market capitalization of $1 billion or more. The fund also invests through call options on selected indices, individual securities, and/or exchange traded funds. It employs fundamental analysis to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI World Index and the Chicago Board Options Exchange BuyWrite Monthly Index. It was formerly known as ING Global Equity Dividend and Premium Opportunity Fund. Voya Global Equity Dividend and Premium Opportunity Fund was formed on March 28, 2005 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
IGR;CBRE Clarion Global Real Estate Income Fund specializes in investments in various property types, including office, retail, diversified, apartments, industrials, hotels, healthcare, and storage. It invests in the public equity markets across the developed markets of North America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across the real estate sector including REITs. It invests in stocks of companies across diversified market capitalizations. The fund employs fundamental analysis to create its portfolio. It conducts in-house research to make its investments.;tech
IH;iHuman Inc. provides intellectual development products to individual users, kindergartens, and distributors in the People's Republic of China and internationally. The company offers interactive and self-directed apps, including iHuman Chinese, iHuman ABC, iHuman Pinyin, iHuman Magic Thinking, iHuman Books, iHuman Stories, iHuman Chinese Classics, iHumanpedia, iHuman Kids Workout, iHuman Coding, iHuman Fun Idioms, iHuman Little Artists, iHuman Readers, iHuman Writing, iHuman Fantastic Friends, iHuman AI Coding, and iHuman Chinese Reading; bekids Coding, bekids Coloring, bekids Reading, bekids Puzzle, bekids Academy, and Gogo series; and Aha World and Aha Makeover. It also provides intellectually stimulating materials, including books, interactive materials, and smart devices that develop children's abilities in speaking, critical thinking, independent reading, and creativity; and Cosmicrew, a 3D comedic adventure animation series. iHuman Inc. was founded in 1996 and is based in Beijing, the People's Republic of China.;tech
IHD;Voya Emerging Markets High Dividend Equity Fund is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched by Voya Investment Management LLC. The fund is co-managed by ING Investment Management Advisors B.V. and Voya Investments, LLC. It invests in public equity markets of emerging market countries across the globe. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in dividend paying stocks of companies. The fund also invests through derivatives having economic characteristics similar to the equity securities, such as call options on selected ETF's, and/or international, regional or country indices of equity securities. It employs both fundamental and quantitative analysis with a bottom-up stock selection process to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI Emerging Markets Index. It was formerly known as ING Emerging Markets High Dividend Equity Fund. Voya Emerging Markets High Dividend Equity Fund was formed on April 26, 2011 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
IHS;IHS Holding Limited, together with its subsidiaries, develops, owns, and operates shared communications infrastructure in Nigeria, Sub-Saharan Africa, the Middle East and North Africa, and Latin America. It offers colocation and lease agreement, build-to-suit, in-building, small cell, fiber connectivity, and rural telephony solutions to mobile network operators, internet service providers, security functions, and private corporations. IHS Holding Limited was founded in 2001 and is based in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
IIF;Morgan Stanley India Investment Fund, Inc. is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Morgan Stanley Investment Management Inc. The fund is co-managed by Morgan Stanley Investment Management Company. It invests in the public equity markets of India. The fund invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the U.S. dollar adjusted BSE National Index. Morgan Stanley India Investment Fund, Inc. was formed on December 22, 1993 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
IIIN;Insteel Industries, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and markets steel wire reinforcing products for concrete construction applications. The company offers prestressed concrete strand (PC strand) and welded wire reinforcement (WWR) products. Its PC strand is a seven-wire strand that is used to impart compression forces into precast concrete elements and structures providing reinforcement for bridges, parking decks, buildings, and other concrete structures. The company's WWR engineered reinforcing product is used in nonresidential and residential construction. It produces a range of WWR products, such as engineered structural mesh, an engineered made-to-order product that is used as the primary reinforcement for concrete elements or structures serving as a reinforcing solution for hot-rolled rebar; concrete pipe reinforcement, an engineered made-to-order product, which is used as the primary reinforcement in concrete pipe, box culverts, and precast manholes for drainage and sewage systems, water treatment facilities, and other related applications; and standard welded wire reinforcement, a secondary reinforcing product for crack control applications in residential and light nonresidential construction, including driveways, sidewalks, and various slab-on-grade applications. It sells its products through sales representatives to the manufacturers of concrete products, rebar fabricators, distributors, and contractors. The company was founded in 1953 and is headquartered in Mount Airy, North Carolina.;tech
IIM;Invesco Value Municipal Income Trust is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Invesco Ltd. The fund is co-managed by Invesco Advisers, Inc., INVESCO Asset Management (Japan) Limited, INVESCO Asset Management Deutschland GmbH, INVESCO Asset Management Limited, Invesco Canada Ltd., Invesco Hong Kong Limited, and INVESCO Senior Secured Management, Inc. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund primarily invests in investment grade municipal securities which include municipal bonds, municipal notes, municipal commercial paper, and lease obligations. It employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up security selection approach to create its portfolio. The fund was previously known as Invesco Insured Municipal Income Trust. Invesco Value Municipal Income Trust was formed on February 26, 1993 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
IMAX;IMAX Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a technology platform for entertainment and events in the United States, Greater China, rest of Asia, Western Europe, Canada, Latin America, and internationally. It operates through Content Solutions; and Technology Products and Services segments. The company offers IMAX film remastering, a proprietary technology that digitally remasters films and other content into IMAX formats for distribution to the IMAX network; IMAX Enhanced, which provides end-to-end technology across streaming content and entertainment devices at home; AI-driven video quality solutions for media and entertainment companies; and streaming technology software products. It also provides preventative and emergency maintenance services, and quality monitoring to the IMAX network; film post-production services; and IMAX film and digital cameras for content creators. In addition, the company engages in the distribution of large-format documentary films to institutional theaters, as well as live performances and interactive events with artists and creators; after-market sales of IMAX System parts and 3D glasses; sale or lease of IMAX theater systems; provision of management services to theaters, as well as production advice and technical assistance to documentary and Hollywood filmmakers; and rental of company's proprietary 2D and 3D large-format film cameras. The company markets its theater systems through a direct sales force and marketing staff to science and natural history museums, zoos, aquariums, and other educational and cultural centers, as well as theme parks, private home theaters, tourist destination sites, fairs, and expositions. It offers its services under the IMAX, IMAX 3D, Experience It In IMAX, The IMAX Experience, DMR, Filmed For IMAX, IMAX Live, IMAX Enhanced, and IMAX StreamSmart. IMAX Corporation was founded in 1967 and is headquartered in Mississauga, Canada.;tech
INFA;Informatica Inc. develops an artificial intelligence-powered platform that connects, manages, and unifies data across multi-vendor, multi-cloud, and hybrid systems at enterprise scale worldwide. Its platform includes a suite of interoperable data management products, including data integration and engineering products to ingest, transform, and integrate data; API and application integration products that enable users to create and manage APIs, application integration, and process automation to modernize and accelerate their digital transformation programs, as well as for application-to-application synchronization, business process orchestration, B2B partner management, application development, and API management; data quality and observability products to profile, cleanse, standardize, observe, and monitor data to deliver accurate, complete, and consistent data; and master data management products to create an authoritative single source view of business-critical data. The company's platform also includes customer and business 360 application that allow business analysts to create 360-degree views of business data domains, such as customer, product, supplier, reference, and finance with business user experiences; data catalog products that enables customers to find, access, and understand enterprise data using Google-like search experience; governance, access, and privacy products, which enables organizations to deliver and consume trusted and protected data across the enterprise; and a data marketplace that delivers cloud shopping experience for data consumers and enables data sharing and AI models across organizations to facilitate data-driven decision making. In addition, it provides CLAIRE GPT, a generative AI-powered data management tool; and maintenance and professional services. The company sells its products through its direct sales team. Informatica Inc. was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Redwood City, California.;tech
INFY;Infosys Limited, together with its subsidiaries, provides consulting, technology, outsourcing, and digital services in North America, Europe, India, and internationally. It provides digital marketing and digital workplace, digital commerce, digital experience and interactions, and metaverse; data analytics and AI, applied AI, generative AI, and sustainability; blockchain, engineering, and Internet of Things; enterprise agile DevOps, API economy and microservices, application modernization, cloud, digital process automation, digital supply chain, Microsoft business application and cloud business, service experience transformation, energy transition, Network Transformation Services, Infrastructure Services cyber security, and quality engineering solutions; Oracle, SAP, and Saleforce solutions; Topaz, an AI-first set of services, solutions, and platforms using generative AI technologies; and Aster, a set of AI-amplified marketing services, solutions, and platforms. The company also offers Finacle, a core banking solution; Edge suite of products; Panaya platform, Infosys Equinox, Infosys Live Enterprise Suite, Infosys Wingspan, Infosys Helix, Infosys Meridian, Infosys Polycloud, Infosys Cortex, and Stater digital platforms; and Infosys McCamish, an insurance platform. It serves aerospace and defense, agriculture, automotive, chemical manufacturing, communication, consumer packaged goods, education, engineering procurement and construction, financial, healthcare, high technology, industrial manufacturing, information services and publishing, insurance, life science, logistics and distribution, media, entertainment, mining, oil and gas, private equity, professional, public, retail, semiconductor, travel, hospitality, utilities, and waste management industries. The company was formerly known as Infosys Technologies Limited and changed its name to Infosys Limited in June 2011. Infosys Limited was incorporated in 1981 and is headquartered in Bengaluru, India.;tech
ING;ING Groep N.V. provides various banking products and services in the Netherlands, Belgium, Germany, rest of Europe, and internationally. The company operates through five segments: Retail Netherlands, Retail Belgium, Retail Germany, Retail Other, and Wholesale Banking. It accepts current and savings accounts, as well as time deposits. The company also offers business lending products; SME loans; consumer lending products, such as residential mortgage loans and other consumer lending loans; and mortgages. In addition, it provides working capital solutions; debt and equity market solutions; various loans; payments; and cash management, trade and corporate finance, and treasury services, as well as savings, investment, insurance, and digital banking services. The company serves individual customers, corporate clients, and financial institutions. ING Groep N.V. was founded in 1762 and is headquartered in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.;tech
INGM;Ingram Micro Holding Corporation, through its subsidiaries, distributes information technology products, cloud, and other services in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia-Pacific, Latin America, and internationally. It offers Ingram Micro Cloud Marketplace service portfolio that consists of third-party cloud-based services or subscription offerings through its Ingram Micro Xvantage platform, as well as offers training, ITAD, reverse logistics, repair and other related solutions, and financing solutions. It offers client and endpoint solutions, including desktop personal computers, notebooks, tablets, printers, application and mobility software, peripherals, and accessories, as well as phones, wearables, and components comprising hard drives, motherboards, video cards, etc. for corporate and individual end users. It offers enterprise-grade hardware and software products, such as servers, storage, networking, and hybrid and software-defined solutions, as well as cybersecurity, power and cooling, and virtualization solutions; and DC/POS, physical security, audio visual and digital signage, UCC and telephony, and IoT and artificial intelligence products. It offers third-party cloud-based services and subscriptions, including business applications, security, communications and collaboration, cloud enablement solutions, and infrastructure-as-a-service solutions; and operates CloudBlue platform that provides multi-channel and multi-tier catalog management, subscription management, billing, and orchestration solutions through a SaaS model. It serves value-added, corporate, internet-based resellers, retailers, custom installers, systems integrators, mobile network operators, direct marketers, product category specialists, reseller purchasing associations, cloud service providers, PC assemblers, agents and dealers, IT and mobile device manufacturers, and other distributors. The company was founded in 1979 and is headquartered in Irvine, California.;tech
INGR;Ingredion Incorporated, together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells sweeteners, starches, nutrition ingredients, and biomaterial solutions derived from wet milling and processing corn, and other starch-based materials to a range of industries worldwide. The company offers starch products for use in a range of processed foods; cornstarch; specialty paper starches for enhanced drainage, fiber retention, oil and grease resistance, improved printability, and biochemical oxygen demand control; starches and specialty starches for textile industry; industrial starches are used in the production of construction materials, textiles, adhesives, pharmaceuticals, and cosmetics, as well as in mining and water filtration; and specialty industrial starches for use in biomaterial applications, including biodegradable plastics, fabric softeners and detergents, hair and skin care applications, dusting powders for surgical gloves, and in the production of glass fiber and insulation. It provides sweetener products comprising glucose syrups, high maltose syrup, high fructose corn syrup, dextrose, polyols, maltodextrin, glucose syrup solids, and non-genetically modified organism syrups for applications in food and beverage products, such as baked goods, snack foods, canned fruits, condiments, candy and other sweets, dairy products, ice cream, jams and jellies, prepared mixes, table syrups, and beverages. In addition, the company sells refined corn oil, corn gluten feed, and corn gluten meal; and other products. The company was formerly known as Corn Products International, Inc. and changed its name to Ingredion Incorporated in June 2012. Ingredion Incorporated was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in Westchester, Illinois.;tech
INR;Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. engages in the acquisition, exploration, and development of properties to produce oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids from underground reservoirs in the United States. The company holds interests in the Utica Shale Oil covering an area of approximately 63,000 net surface acres located in Ohio; and the Marcellus Shale Dry Gas covering an area of approximately 31,000 net surface acres and the Utica Deep Dry Gas covering an area of 30,029 net acres situated in Pennsylvania. Infinity Natural Resources, Inc. was founded in 2017 and is based in Morgantown, West Virginia.;tech
INSP;Inspire Medical Systems, Inc., a medical technology company, focuses on the development and commercialization of minimally invasive solutions for patients with obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) in the United States and internationally. The company offers Inspire system, a neurostimulation technology that provides a safe and effective treatment for moderate to severe OSA. It also develops a novel, closed-loop solution that continuously monitors a patient's breathing and delivers mild hypoglossal nerve stimulation to maintain an open airway. The company was incorporated in 2007 and is headquartered in Golden Valley, Minnesota.;tech
INVH;Invitation Homes, an S&P 500 company, is the nation's premier single-family home leasing and management company, meeting changing lifestyle demands by providing access to high-quality homes with valued features such as close proximity to jobs and access to good schools. Our purpose, Unlock the power of home, reflects our commitment to providing living solutions and Genuine CARE to the growing share of people who count on the flexibility and savings of leasing a home.;tech
IONQ;IonQ, Inc. develops quantum computers and networks in the United States. It sells access to quantum computers of various qubit capacities. The company also makes access to its quantum computers through cloud platforms, such as Amazon Web Services (AWS) Amazon Braket, Microsoft's Azure Quantum, and Google's Cloud Marketplace, as well as through its cloud service. The company engages in quantum-safe networking and quantum detection systems. It offers quantum key distribution systems, quantum random number generators, and single-photon detectors. In addition, it provides contracts associated with the design, development, construction, and sale of specialized quantum computing hardware systems; maintenance and support services; and consulting services related to co-developing algorithms on quantum computing systems. The company has a collaboration agreement with AstraZeneca PLC for the development of quantum-accelerated computational chemistry workflow for healthcare, life sciences, and chemistry. The company was incorporated in 2015 and is headquartered in College Park, Maryland.;tech
IOT;Samsara Inc. provides solutions to connect physical operations data to its connected operations platform in the United States and internationally. The company's Connected Operations Platform includes Data Platform, which ingests, aggregates, and enriches data from its IoT devices and a growing ecosystem of connected assets and third-party systems, and which has embedded capabilities for AI, workflows and analytics, alerts, API connections, and data security and privacy. Its applications include video-based safety that enables customers to build a safety program and protect their teams with AI-enabled video; vehicle telematics, which provides visibility into real-time vehicle location and diagnostics with GPS tracking, routing and dispatch, fuel management, driver recognition, electric vehicle usage and charge planning, preventative maintenance, and advanced insights to manage fuel and energy costs; and workforce apps that enhance safety and productivity for frontline workers and enable regulatory compliance, capture electronic documents, perform maintenance inspections, maintain compliance logs, complete safety audits and risk assessments, submit timesheets, and message with back-office administration. The company also provides equipment monitoring, which offers visibility and management of unpowered and powered assets, including generators, compressors, and heavy construction equipment and trailers to prevent unplanned downtime and avoid critical safety and compliance issues; and site visibility that provides remote visibility into sites to enhance onsite security, safety, and incident response times. It serves transportation, construction, wholesale and retail trade, field services, logistics, manufacturing, utilities and energy, government, healthcare and education, food and beverage, and other industries. The company was incorporated in 2015 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
IP;International Paper Company produces and sells renewable fiber-based packaging and pulp products in North America, Latin America, Europe, and North Africa. It operates through two segments, Industrial Packaging and Global Cellulose Fibers. The company offers linerboard, medium, whitetop, recycled linerboard, recycled medium and saturating kraft; and pulp for a range of applications, such as diapers, towel and tissue products, feminine care, incontinence, and other personal care products, as well as specialty pulps for use in textiles, construction materials, paints, coatings, and others. The company sells its products directly to end users and converters, as well as through agents, resellers, and distributors. The company was founded in 1898 and is headquartered in Memphis, Tennessee.;tech
IPG;The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. provides advertising and marketing services worldwide. It operates in three segments: Media, Data & Engagement Solutions, Integrated Advertising & Creativity Led Solutions, and Specialized Communications & Experiential Solutions. The Media, Data & Engagement Solutions segment provides media and communications services, digital services and products, advertising and marketing technology, e-commerce services, data management and analytics, strategic consulting, and digital brand experience under the IPG Mediabrands, UM, Initiative, Kinesso, Acxiom, Huge, MRM, and R/GA brand names. The Integrated Advertising & Creativity Led Solutions segment offers advertising, corporate, and brand identity services; and strategic consulting under FCB, IPG Health, McCann Worldgroup, and MullenLowe Group brands. The Specialized Communications & Experiential Solutions segment provides public relations and other specialized communications services, live events, sports and entertainment marketing, and strategic consulting under IPG DXTRA Health, The Weber Shandwick Collective, Golin, Jack Morton, Momentum, and Octagon brand names. The company was formerly known as McCann-Erickson Incorporated and changed its name to The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. in January 1961. The Interpublic Group of Companies, Inc. was founded in 1902 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
IPI;Intrepid Potash, Inc. delivers potassium, magnesium, sulfur, salt, and water products. It operates through three segments: Potash, Trio, and Oilfield Solutions. The company offers muriate of potash for various markets, such as in agricultural market as a fertilizer input, in animal feed market as a nutrient supplement, in industrial market as a component in drilling and fracturing fluids, as well as input to other industrial processes. It also provides Trio, a specialty fertilizer that delivers potassium, sulfate, and magnesium in a single particle; salt for various markets, including animal feed, industrial applications, pool salt, and the treatment of roads and walkways for ice melting or to manage road conditions; magnesium chloride for use as a road treatment agent for deicing and dedusting; brines for use in oil and gas industry to support well workover and completion activities; and metal recovery salts. Intrepid Potash, Inc. was founded in 2000 and is based in Denver, Colorado.;tech
IQI;Invesco Quality Municipal Income Trust is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Invesco Ltd. The fund is co-managed by Invesco Advisers, Inc., INVESCO Asset Management Deutschland GmbH, INVESCO Asset Management Limited, INVESCO Asset Management (Japan) Limited, Invesco Hong Kong Limited, INVESCO Senior Secured Management, Inc., and Invesco Canada Ltd. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund primarily invests in investment grade municipal securities which include municipal bonds, municipal notes, and municipal commercial paper. It employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up security selection approach to create its portfolio. The fund was previously known as Morgan Stanley Quality Municipal Income Trust. Invesco Quality Municipal Income Trust was formed on September 29, 1992 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
IQV;IQVIA Holdings Inc. provides clinical research services, commercial insights, and healthcare intelligence to the life sciences and healthcare industries in the Americas, Europe, Africa, and the Asia-Pacific. It operates through three segments: Technology & Analytics Solutions, Research & Development Solutions, and Contract Sales & Medical Solutions. The Technology & Analytics Solutions segment offers a range of cloud-based applications and related implementation services; real world solutions that enable life sciences and provider customers to generate and disseminate evidence, which informs health care decision making and improves patients' outcomes; and strategic and implementation consulting services, such as advanced analytics and commercial processes outsourcing services. This segment also provides country level performance metrics related to sales of pharmaceutical products, prescribing trends, medical treatment, and promotional activity across various channels, including retail, hospital, and mail order; and measurement of sales or prescribing activity at the regional, zip code, and individual prescriber level. The Research & Development Solutions segment offers project management and clinical monitoring; clinical trial support; strategic planning and design services; and patient and site centric solutions, as well as central laboratory, genomic, bioanalytical, ADME, discovery, and vaccine and biomarker laboratory services. The Contract Sales & Medical Solutions segment provides health care provider and patient engagement services, and scientific strategy and medical affairs services. It serves pharmaceutical, biotechnology, device and diagnostic, and consumer health companies. It has a strategic collaboration with Sarah Cannon Research Institute to enhance clinical trial processes. The company was formerly known as Quintiles IMS Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to IQVIA Holdings Inc. in November 2017. The company is based in Durham, North Carolina.;tech
IR;Ingersoll Rand Inc. provides various mission-critical air, fluid, energy, and medical technologies services and solutions worldwide. It operates in two segments, Industrial Technologies and Services, and Precision and Science Technologies. The Industrial Technologies and Services segment designs, manufactures, markets, and services air and gas compression, vacuum, and blower products; fluid transfer equipment and loading systems; and power tools and lifting equipment, including associated aftermarket parts, consumables and services, air treatment equipment, controls, other accessories, and services under the Ingersoll Rand, Gardner Denver, Nash, CompAir, Elmo Rietschle, and other brands. The Precision and Science Technologies segment designs, manufactures, and markets diaphragm, piston, water-powered, peristaltic, gear, vane, progressive cavity, and syringe pumps; and gas boosters, hydrogen compression systems, automated liquid handling systems, odorant injection systems, controls, software, and other related components and accessories for precision dosing, liquid and solid transfer, dispensing, gas compression and sampling, pressure management, flow control, powder handling, and other applications under the Air Dimensions, Albin, ARO, Dosatron, Haskel, Ingersoll Rand, LMI, Maximus, Milton Roy, MP, Oberdorfer, Seepex, Thomas, Welch, Williams, YZ, and Zinnser Analytic brands. This segment's products are used in medical, laboratory, life sciences, industrial manufacturing, water and wastewater, chemical processing, energy, food and beverage, agriculture, and other markets. It sells its products through an integrated network of direct sales representatives and independent distributors. The company was formerly known as Gardner Denver Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to Ingersoll Rand Inc. in March 2020. Ingersoll Rand Inc. was founded in 1859 and is headquartered in Davidson, North Carolina.;tech
IRM;Iron Mountain Incorporated (NYSE: IRM) is trusted by more than 240,000 customers in 61 countries, including approximately 95% of the Fortune 1000, to help unlock value and intelligence from their assets through services that transcend the physical and digital worlds. Our broad range of solutions address their information management, digital transformation, information security, data center and asset lifecycle management needs. Our longstanding commitment to safety, security, sustainability and innovation in support of our customers underpins everything we do.;tech
IRS;IRSA Inversiones y Representaciones Sociedad Anónima, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the diversified real estate activities in Argentina. It operates through five segments: Shopping Malls, Offices, Hotels, Sales and Developments, and Others. The company is involved in the acquisition, development, and operation of shopping malls, office buildings, and other non-shopping mall properties primarily for rental purposes. It also acquires and operates luxury hotels and resorts under the Intercontinental, Libertador, and Llao Llao names; develops, constructs, and sells residential properties, including apartment tower complexes; and acquires undeveloped land reserves for future development or sale. In addition, the company engages in the development and operation of stadium; and provision of ¡appa!, a digital customer loyalty system platform, for consumption in shopping malls, use of parking spaces, and redemption of corporate benefits. The company was incorporated in 1943 and is headquartered in Buenos Aires, Argentina. IRSA Inversiones y Representaciones Sociedad Anónima operates as a subsidiary of Cresud S.A.C.I.F. y A.;tech
IRT;Independence Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE: IRT), an S&P 400 MidCap Company, is a real estate investment trust (REIT) that owns and operates multifamily communities, across non-gateway U.S. markets. IRT's investment strategy is focused on gaining scale near major employment centers within key amenity rich submarkets that offer good school districts and high-quality retail. IRT's main objective is to provide attractive risk-adjusted returns to shareholders through diligent portfolio management, strong operational performance, and a consistent return on capital through distributions and capital appreciation.;tech
ISD;PGIM High Yield Bond Fund, Inc. is a close ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Prudential Investments LLC. The fund is co-managed by Prudential Investment Management, Inc. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund primarily invests in a diversified portfolio of high yield fixed income instruments that are rated below investment grade (Ba1 or lower by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or BB+ or lower by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services). It seeks to invest in securities across all maturities, while attempting to maintain a weighted average portfolio duration of three years or less. The fund employs fundamental analysis to make its investments. It does not invest in municipal debt obligations, asset backed securities, or mortgage backed securities. PGIM High Yield Bond Fund, Inc. was formed on April 30, 2012 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
IT;Gartner, Inc. operates as a research and advisory company in the United States, Canada, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Research, Conferences, and Consulting. The Research segment delivers its research primarily through a subscription service that include on-demand access to published research content, data and benchmarks, and direct access to a network of research experts. The Conferences segment offers executives and teams in an organization the opportunity to learn, share, and network. The Consulting segment offers market-leading research, custom analysis, and on-the-ground support services. This segment also offers actionable solutions for IT-related priorities, including IT cost optimization, digital transformation, and IT sourcing optimization. Gartner, Inc. was founded in 1979 and is headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut.;tech
ITGR;Integer Holdings Corporation operates as a medical device contract development and manufacturing company in the United States, Puerto Rico, Costa Rica, and internationally. The company offers products for interventional cardiology, structural heart, heart failure, peripheral vascular, neurovascular, interventional oncology, electrophysiology, vascular access, infusion therapy, hemodialysis, non-vascular, urology, and gastroenterology procedures. It also provides cardiac rhythm management products, including implantable pacemakers, implantable cardioverter defibrillators, insertable cardiac monitors, implantable cardiac pacing and defibrillation leads, and heart failure therapies; neuromodulation products, such as implantable spinal cord stimulators; and non-rechargeable batteries, feedthroughs, device enclosures, machined components, and lead components and sub-assemblies. In addition, the company offers rechargeable batteries and chargers; orthopedics, minimally invasive surgery, and general surgery devices; and portable medical devices, including patient monitoring, ventilators, portable defibrillators, portable ultrasound, and X-Ray machines. Furthermore, the company provides medical technologies. It serves multi-national original equipment manufacturers and their affiliated subsidiaries in the cardiac rhythm management, neuromodulation, orthopedics, vascular, and advanced surgical and portable medical markets. Integer Holdings Corporation was formerly known as Greatbatch, Inc. and changed its name to Integer Holdings Corporation in July 2016. The company was founded in 1970 and is headquartered in Plano, Texas.;tech
ITT;ITT Inc., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells engineered critical components and customized technology solutions for the transportation, industrial, and energy markets. The Motion Technologies segment manufactures brake pads, shock absorbers, energy absorption components, and damping technologies primarily for the transportation industry, including passenger cars, trucks, light and heavy-duty commercial and military vehicles, buses, and trains. This segment sells its products under the ITT Friction Technologies, KONI, Axtone, Novitek, and GALT. brand names. The Industrial Process segment provides industrial pumps, valves, plant optimization, and remote monitoring systems and services; and aftermarket solutions, such as replacement parts and services. It serves various customers in energy, chemical and petrochemical, pharmaceutical, general industrial, marine, mining, pulp and paper, food and beverage, power generation, and biopharmaceutical industries. This segment sells its products under the Goulds Pumps, Bornemann, Engineered Valves, Hamworthy Pumps, PRO Services, C'treat, i-ALERT, Svanehøj, Rheinhütte Pumpen, and Habonim brand names. The Connect & Control Technologies segment offers engineered connectors and specialized products for critical applications supporting various markets, including aerospace and defence, industrial, transportation, medical, and energy under the Cannon, VEAM, BIW Connector Systems, Aerospace Controls, Enidine, Compact Automation, Neo-Dyn Process Controls, Conoflow, kSARIA, and Micro-Mode brand names. It operates in North America, Europe, Asia, the Middle East, Africa, and South America. The company was incorporated in 1920 and is headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut.;tech
ITUB;Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. provides various financial products and services to personal and corporate customers in Brazil and internationally. It operates through three segments: Retail Banking, Wholesale Banking, and Activities with the Market + Corporation. The company offers current account; loans; credit and debit cards; investment and commercial banking services; real estate lending and financing services; economic, financial and brokerage advisory; and leasing and foreign exchange services. The company also provides non-life insurance products covering loss, damage, or liability for objects or people, as well as life insurance products covering death and personal accidents. It serves retail customers, account and non-account holders, individuals and legal entities, high income clients, microenterprises, and small companies, as well as middle-market companies and high net worth institutional clients. The company was formerly known as Itaú Unibanco Banco Múltiplo S.A. and changed its name to Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. in April 2009. The company was incorporated in 1924 and is headquartered in São Paulo, Brazil. Itaú Unibanco Holding S.A. is a subsidiary of IUPAR - Itaú Unibanco Participações S.A.;tech
ITW;Illinois Tool Works Inc. provides industrial products and equipment in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, and South America. It operates through Automotive OEM; Food Equipment; Test & Measurement and Electronics; Welding; Polymers & Fluids; Construction Products; and Specialty Products segments. The Automotive OEM segment offers plastic and metal components, fasteners, and assemblies for automobiles, light trucks, and other industrial uses. The Food Equipment segment provides warewashing, cooking, refrigeration, and food processing equipment; kitchen exhaust, ventilation, and pollution control systems; and food equipment maintenance and repair services. The Test & Measurement and Electronics segment produces and sells equipment, consumables, and related software for testing and measuring of materials and structures, as well as equipment and consumables used in the production of electronic subassemblies and microelectronics. The Welding segment produces arc welding equipment, and metal arc welding consumables and related accessories. The Polymers & Fluids segment produces adhesives, sealants, lubrication and cutting fluids, and fluids and polymers for auto aftermarket maintenance and appearance. The Construction Products segment offers engineered fastening systems and solutions for the residential construction, renovation/remodel, and commercial construction markets. The Specialty Products segment provides beverage packaging equipment and consumables, product coding and marking equipment and consumables, and appliance components and fasteners. The company serves automotive OEM and aftermarket, commercial food equipment, construction, general industrial, industrial capital goods, consumer durables, and other markets, as well as MRO markets. The company distributes its products directly to industrial manufacturers, as well as through independent distributors. Illinois Tool Works Inc. was founded in 1912 and is based in Glenview, Illinois.;tech
IVT;InvenTrust Properties Corp. (the Company, "IVT," or "InvenTrust") is a premier Sun Belt, multi-tenant essential retail REIT that owns, leases, redevelops, acquires and manages grocery-anchored neighborhood and community centers as well as high-quality power centers that often have a grocery component. Management pursues the Company's business strategy by acquiring retail properties in Sun Belt markets, opportunistically disposing of retail properties, and maintaining a flexible capital structure. A trusted, local operator bringing real estate expertise to its tenant relationships, IVT has built a strong reputation with market participants across its portfolio.;tech
IVZ;Invesco Ltd. is a publicly owned investment manager. The firm provides its services to retail clients, institutional clients, high-net worth clients, public entities, corporations, unions, non-profit organizations, endowments, foundations, pension funds, financial institutions, and sovereign wealth funds. It manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm also launches equity, commodity, fixed income, multi-asset, and balanced mutual funds for its clients. It launches equity, fixed income, multi-asset, and balanced exchange-traded funds. The firm also launches and manages private funds. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. The firm also invests in alternative markets, such as commodities and currencies. For the equity portion of its portfolio, it invests in growth and value stocks of large-cap, mid-cap, and small-cap companies. For the fixed income portion of its portfolio, the firm invests in convertibles, government bonds, municipal bonds, treasury securities, and cash. It also invests in short term and intermediate term bonds, investment grade and high yield bonds, taxable and tax-free bonds, senior secured loans, and structured securities such as asset-backed securities, mortgage-backed securities, and commercial mortgage-backed securities. The firm employs absolute return, global macro, and long/short strategies. It employs quantitative analysis to make its investments. The firm was formerly known as Invesco Plc, AMVESCAP plc, Amvesco plc, Invesco PLC, Invesco MIM, and H. Lotery & Co. Ltd. Invesco Ltd. was founded in 1935 and is based in Atlanta, Georgia with an additional office in Hamilton, Bermuda.;tech
IX;ORIX Corporation provides financial services in Japan, the United States, Asia, Europe, and Australasia. The company's Corporate Financial Services and Maintenance Leasing segment is involved in the finance and fee; and leasing and rental of automobiles, electronic measuring instruments, and ICT-related equipment businesses. Its Real Estate segment develops, rents, and manages real estate properties; operates facilities; provides real estate asset management services. The company's PE Investment and Concession segment engages in the private equity investment and concession businesses. Its Environment and Energy segment provides ESCO, and recycling and waste management services; retails electric power; sells solar panels; and generates renewable energy power. The company's Insurance segment sells life insurance products through agents, banks, and other financial institutions, as well as face-to-face and online. Its Banking and Credit segment provides banking and consumer finance services. The company's Aircraft and Ships segment engages in the aircraft investment and management, ship-related finance and investment, maritime asset management, and ship brokerage businesses. Its ORIX USA segment offers finance, investment, and asset management services. The company's ORIX Europe segment provides asset management services for equity and fixed income. Its Asia and Australia segment engages in the finance and investment businesses. The company was formerly known as Orient Leasing Co., Ltd. and changed its name to ORIX Corporation in 1989. ORIX Corporation was incorporated in 1950 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.;tech
J;Jacobs Solutions Inc. engages in the infrastructure and advanced facilities, and consulting businesses in the United States, Europe, Canada, India, Asia, Australia, New Zealand, the Middle East, and Africa. The company offers consulting, planning, architecture, design, engineering, and infrastructure delivery services including project, program, and construction management and long-term operation of facilities. It also provides consulting services for consumer and manufacturing, defense and security, energy and utilities, financial services, government, health and life sciences, and transport sectors. The company was founded in 1947 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
JACS;Jackson Acquisition Company II does not have significant operations. The company focuses on effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses. It intends to focus its search for a target business in the healthcare services and healthcare technology sector. Jackson Acquisition Company II was incorporated in 2024 and is based in Alpharetta, Georgia.;tech
JBGS;JBG SMITH owns, operates and develops mixed-use properties concentrated in amenity-rich, Metro-served submarkets in and around Washington, DC, most notably National Landing, that we believe have long-term growth potential and appeal to residential, office and retail tenants. Through an intense focus on placemaking, JBG SMITH cultivates vibrant, highly amenitized, walkable neighborhoods throughout the Washington, DC metropolitan area. Approximately 75.0% of JBG SMITH's holdings are in the National Landing submarket in Northern Virginia, which is anchored by four key demand drivers: Amazon's headquarters; Virginia Tech's$1 billion Innovation Campus; proximity to the Pentagon; and our placemaking initiatives and public infrastructure improvements. JBG SMITH's dynamic portfolio currently comprises 11.9 million square feet at share of multifamily, office and retail assets, 98% of which are Metro-served. It also maintains a development pipeline encompassing 8.9 million square feet of mixed-use, primarily multifamily, development opportunities. JBG SMITH is committed to the operation and development of green, smart, and healthy buildings and plans to maintain carbon neutral operations annually.;tech
JBI;Janus International Group, Inc. manufacturers and supplies turn-key self-storage, commercial, and industrial building solutions in North America and internationally. The company provides roll up and swing doors, hallway systems, relocatable storage units, and other solutions. It also offers facility and door automation and access control technologies. The company was founded in 2002 and is headquartered in Temple, Georgia.;tech
JBL;Jabil Inc. provides manufacturing services and solutions worldwide. It operates in two segments, Electronics Manufacturing Services and Diversified Manufacturing Services. The company offers electronics design, production, and product management services; electronic circuit design services, such as application-specific integrated circuit design, firmware development, and rapid prototyping services; and designs plastic and metal enclosures that include the electro-mechanics, such as the printed circuit board assemblies (PCBA). It also provides three-dimensional mechanical design comprising the analysis of electronic, electro-mechanical, and optical assemblies, as well as various industrial design, mechanism development, and tooling management services. In addition, the company provides computer-assisted design services consisting of PCBA design, as well as PCBA design validation and verification services; and other consulting services, such as the generation of a bill of materials, approved vendor list, and assembly equipment configuration for various PCBA designs. Further, it offers product and process validation services, such as product system, product safety, regulatory compliance, and reliability tests, as well as manufacturing test solution development services. Additionally, the company provides systems assembly, test, direct-order fulfillment, and configure-to-order services. It serves 5G, wireless and cloud, digital print and retail, industrial and semi-cap, networking and storage, automotive and transportation, connected devices, healthcare and packaging, and mobility industries. The company was formerly known as Jabil Circuit, Inc. and changed its name to Jabil Inc. in June 2017. Jabil Inc. was founded in 1966 and is headquartered in Saint Petersburg, Florida.;tech
JBTM;JBT Marel Corporation provides technology solutions to food and beverage industry in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, and Central and South America. It offers value-added processing that includes equipment, solutions, software and services, stunning, slaughtering, scalding/dehairing, chilling, mixing/grinding, separation, injecting, blending, marinating, tumbling, flattening, forming, portioning, coating, cooking, frying, freezing, extracting, pasteurizing, sterilizing, concentrating, high pressure processing, weighing, inspecting, filling, closing, sealing, end of line material handling, labeling, and packaging solutions to the food, beverage, and health market. The company also provides automated guided vehicle systems for material movement in the manufacturing, warehouse, and medical facilities. It serves poultry, beef, pork, seafood, ready-to-eat meals, fruits, vegetables, plant-based meat alternatives, dairy, bakery, pet foods, soups, sauces, juices, and aqua feed industries. The company markets and sells its products and solutions through direct sales force, independent distributors, sales representatives, and technical service teams. The company was formerly known as John Bean Technologies Corporation and changed its name to JBT Marel Corporation in January 2025. JBT Marel Corporation was incorporated in 1994 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
JCE;Nuveen Core Equity Alpha Fund is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC, Nuveen Asset Management, LLC, and INTECH Investment Management. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund also invests some portion of its portfolio in derivatives using futures and options. It invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in stocks of large-cap companies with market capitalization within the range of S&P 500 Index. The fund employs quantitative analysis to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index. Nuveen Core Equity Alpha Fund was formed on March 23, 2007 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
JCI;Johnson Controls International plc, together with its subsidiaries, engages in engineering, manufacturing, commissioning, and retrofitting building products and systems in the United States, Europe, the Asia Pacific, and internationally. It operates through four segments: Building Solutions North America, Building Solutions EMEA/LA, Building Solutions Asia Pacific, and Global Products. The company designs, sells, installs, and services heating, ventilating, air conditioning, controls, building management, refrigeration, integrated electronic security, integrated fire detection and suppression systems, and fire protection and security products. It also provides energy efficiency solutions and technical services, including inspection, scheduled maintenance, and repair and replacement of mechanical and control systems, as well as data-driven smart building solutions. In addition, the company offers control software and software services. It sells its products and services to commercial, institutional, industrial, data center, and governmental customers. Johnson Controls International plc was incorporated in 1885 and is headquartered in Cork, Ireland.;tech
JEF;Jefferies Financial Group Inc. operates as an investment banking and capital markets firm in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, and the Asia-Pacific. The company operates in two segments, Investment Banking and Capital Markets, and Asset Management. It provides investment banking, advisory services with respect to mergers or acquisitions, debt financing, restructurings or recapitalizations, and private capital advisory transactions; underwriting and placement services related to corporate debt, municipal debts, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, equity and equity-linked securities, and loan syndication services; and corporate lending services. The company also offers financing, securities lending, and other prime brokerage services; equities research, sales, and trading services; wealth management services; and online foreign exchange trading services. In addition, it provides investment grade distressed debt securities, U.S. and European government and agency securities, municipal bonds, leveraged loans, emerging markets debt, and interest rate and credit index derivative products; and manages and offers services to a diverse group of alternative asset management platforms across a spectrum of investment strategies and asset classes. The company serves to public companies, private companies, and their sponsors and owners, institutional investors, and government entities. The company was formerly known as Leucadia National Corporation and changed its name to Jefferies Financial Group Inc. in May 2018. Jefferies Financial Group Inc. was founded in 1962 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
JELD;JELD-WEN Holding, Inc. designs, manufactures, and sells wood, metal, and composite materials doors, windows, and related building products in North America and Europe. The company offers a line of residential interior and exterior door products, including patio doors, and folding or sliding wall systems; non-residential doors; stile and rail doors; and wood and vinyl windows. It also provides other ancillary products and services, such as glasses, hardware and locks, window screens, and molded door skins, as well as miscellaneous installation and other services. The company sells its products under the JELD-WEN, AuraLast, LaCANTINA, MMI Door, Karona, ImpactGard, JW, Aurora, IWP, True BLU, ABS, Siteline, National Door, Low-Friction Glider, Hydrolock, VPI, FINISHIELD, MILLENNIUM, TRUFIT, EPICVUE, EVELIN, Swedoor, Dooria, DANA, Mattiovi, Zargag, Alupan, Domoferm, Kellpax, and HSE brands. It serves wholesale distributors and retailers, retail home centers, and building product dealers, as well as homebuilders, contractors, and consumers. JELD-WEN Holding, Inc. was founded in 1960 and is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina.;tech
JEQ;Abrdn Japan Equity Fund Inc is a close ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Aberdeen Standard Investments (Asia) Limited. It invests in the public equity markets of Japan. The fund invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It employs quantitative analysis to build its portfolio. The fund employs a quantitative analysis to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the TOPIX Index. The fund was previously known as Japan Equity Fund, Inc. Abrdn Japan Equity Fund Inc was formed on July 12, 1990 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
JGH;Nuveen Global High Income Fund is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in fixed income markets across the globe. The fund primarily invests in U.S. high-yield bonds, non-U.S. high-yield bonds from developed and emerging markets, corporate debt securities, U.S. and foreign government debt securities, mortgage and asset-backed securities, preferred securities, secured and unsecured loans, and convertible debt securities. It seeks to invest in below investment grade securities rated BB/Ba or lower. The fund uses a diversified global high-income strategy, which blends high-yield bonds and other income producing securities from around the world, and across the capital structure and credit spectrum, to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Global High Yield Index. Nuveen Global High Income Fund was formed on August 5, 2014 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
JHG;Janus Henderson Group plc is an asset management holding entity. Through its subsidiaries, the firm provides services to institutional, retail clients, and high net worth clients. It manages separate client-focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm also manages equity, fixed income, and balanced mutual funds for its clients. It specializes in growth capital, middle market & buyout investments. It focuses on commercial services and supplies, air freight & logistics, consumer durables and apparel, hotels, beverage & food product, health care, diversified financial services, multi-sector holdings, specialized finance, consumer finance, capital markets, REITs, mortgage REITs, communication equipment, media, alternative energy resource. It invests in public equity and fixed income markets, as well as invests in real estate and private equity. The firm invests in companies based in China & India. It invest between $10 million and $30 million. Janus Henderson Group plc was founded in 1934 and is based in London, United Kingdom with additional offices in Jersey, United Kingdom and Sydney, Australia.;tech
JHI;John Hancock Investors Trust is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by John Hancock Investment Management LLC. It is co-managed by John Hancock Asset Management. It invests in the fixed income markets across the globe. The fund primarily invests in a diversified portfolio of corporate and government bonds, debt securities. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Capital U.S. Aggregate Bond Index. John Hancock Investors Trust was formed on January 29, 1971 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
JHS;John Hancock Income Securities Trust is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by John Hancock Investment Management LLC. It is co-managed by John Hancock Asset Management. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of United States. It invests primarily in corporate and government bonds with average maturity of 7.57 years. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolios against the Lehman Brothers Government/ Credit Bond Index. John Hancock Income Securities Trust was formed in February 14, 1973 and is domiciled in United States.;tech
JHX;James Hardie Industries plc engages in the manufacture and sale of fiber cement, fiber gypsum, and cement bonded boards in the United States, Australia, Europe, and New Zealand. It operates in three segments: North America Fiber Cement, Asia Pacific Fiber Cement, and Europe Building Products. The company offers fiber cement interior linings, exterior siding products, and related accessories. Its fiber cement products are used for a range of external applications, including siding, cladding, trim, soffit, as well as internal applications such as walls, floors, and ceilings. The company also provides fiber gypsum and cement-bonded boards for interior applications, such as dry lining walls, walls in timber frame buildings, and flooring solutions. Its cement-bonded boards are used in exterior and industrial applications, as well as for fire protection. The company offers its products under the HardieTM brand, such as Hardie Plank, Hardie Panel, Hardie Trim, Hardie Backer, Hardie Artisan Siding, and HardieTM Architectural Collection brands, as well as the fermacell and AESTUVER brands. James Hardie Industries plc was founded in 1888 and is headquartered in Dublin, Ireland.;tech
JILL;J.Jill, Inc. operates as an omnichannel retailer for women's apparel in the United States. The company offers apparel, footwear, and accessories, such as scarves and jewelry. It sells its products under the J.Jill and three sub-brands, including Pure Jill, Wearever, and Fit brands through ecommerce platform and catalog, as well as its retail stores. The company was founded in 1959 and is headquartered in Quincy, Massachusetts.;tech
JKS;JinkoSolar Holding Co., Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the design, development, production, and marketing of photovoltaic products. The company offers solar modules, silicon wafers, solar cells, recovered silicon materials, and silicon ingots. It provides solar system integration services; solar power generation and solar system EPC services; and energy storage system, as well as undertakes solar power projects. The company sells its products to distributors, project developers, system integrators, and manufacturers of solar power products under the JinkoSolar brand. As of December 31, 2024, it had an integrated annual capacity of 120 gigawatts (GW) for mono wafers; 95 GW for solar cells; and 130 GW for solar modules. It operates in China, the United States, Mexico, Australia, Japan, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Jordan, Vietnam, Egypt, Spain, Germany, and internationally. The company was founded in 2006 and is headquartered in Shangrao, the People's Republic of China.;tech
JLL;Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated, a commercial real estate and investment management company, engages in the buying, building, occupying, managing, and investing in a commercial, industrial, hotel, residential, and retail properties in Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. The company also offers real estate agency leasing, tenant representation, property management, advisory, and consulting services; and debt advisory, loan sales and servicing, value and risk advisory, equity and funds placement, merger and acquisition, corporate advisory, and investment sales and advisory services. In addition, it provides on-site real estate management services for office, industrial, retail, multifamily residential, and other properties; cloud-based software solutions; integrated facilities management, space planning, office design, and workplace strategy consulting services; program and project management, implementation and support, managed services, and advisory/consulting services; and investment management services to institutional investors and high-net-worth individuals, as well as designing, building, management, and consulting services to tenants of leased space, owners in self-occupied buildings, and owners of real estate investments. It provides its services to real estate owners, occupiers, investors, and developers for various property types, including critical environments and data centers, offices, industrial and warehouses, residential properties, infrastructure projects, retail and shopping malls, logistics, and military housing and transportation centers; and hotels and hospitality, cultural, educational, government, healthcare and laboratory, and sports facilities. The company was formerly known as LaSalle Partners Incorporated and changed its name to Jones Lang LaSalle Incorporated in March 1999. The company was incorporated in 1997 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
JLS;Nuveen Mortgage and Income Fund is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC, Nuveen Asset Management, LLC, and Wellington Management Company LLP. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund invests in undervalued mortgage-backed securities consisting primarily of non-agency residential mortgage-backed securities and commercial mortgage-backed securities with a favorable total return potential. It seeks to invest in below investment grade securities. The fund employs fundamental analysis with a focus on bottom-up stock picking approach based on rigorous analysis of the credit performance of the mortgage loan portfolios underlying the MBS, security structure characteristics such as the priority of payment, credit enhancement and default patterns of underlying loans, and the relative financial strength of the mortgage loan servicer to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against Barclays Capital U.S. Aggregate Bond Index. It was formerly known as Nuveen Mortgage Opportunity Term Fund. Nuveen Mortgage and Income Fund was formed on September 10, 2009 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
JMIA;Jumia Technologies AG operates an e-commerce platform in West Africa, North Africa, East and South Africa, Europe, the United Arab Emirates, and internationally. The company's platform consists of marketplace that connects sellers with customers; logistics service, which enables the shipment and delivery of packages from sellers to consumers; and payment service with its network of licensed payment service providers and other partner which facilitates transactions to participants active on the company's platform in selected markets under the JumiaPay name. Its marketplace offers various products in a range of categories, including phones, electronics, home and living, fashion, beauty, and fast-moving consumer goods; and various digital lifestyle services, such as utility bills payment, airtime recharge, and gaming and entertainment. It serves through retailers, distributors, and other corporate buyers. The company was formerly known as Africa Internet Holding GmbH and changed its name to Jumia Technologies AG in January 2019. Jumia Technologies AG was incorporated in 2012 and is headquartered in Berlin, Germany.;tech
JNJ;Johnson & Johnson, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the research and development, manufacture, and sale of various products in the healthcare field worldwide. It operates in two segments, Innovative Medicine and MedTech. The Innovative Medicine segment offers products for various therapeutic areas, such as immunology, including rheumatoid arthritis, psoriatic arthritis, inflammatory bowel disease, and psoriasis; infectious diseases comprising HIV/AIDS; neuroscience, consisting of mood disorders, neurodegenerative disorders, and schizophrenia; oncology, such as prostate cancer, hematologic malignancies, lung cancer, and bladder cancer; cardiovascular and metabolism, including thrombosis, diabetes, and macular degeneration; and pulmonary hypertension comprising pulmonary arterial hypertension through retailers, wholesalers, distributors, hospitals, and healthcare professionals for prescription use. The MedTech segment provides electrophysiology products to treat heart rhythm disorders; the heart recovery portfolio, which includes technologies to treat severe coronary artery disease requiring high-risk PCI or AMI cardiogenic shock; circulatory restoration products for the treatment of calcified coronary artery and peripheral artery diseases; and neurovascular care that treats hemorrhagic and ischemic stroke. This segment offers an orthopaedics portfolio that includes products and enabling technologies that support hips, knees, trauma, spine, sports, and other; surgery portfolios comprising advanced and general surgery technologies, as well as solutions for breast aesthetics and reconstruction; contact lenses under the ACUVUE brand; and TECNIS intraocular lenses for cataract surgery. It distributes its products to wholesalers, hospitals, and retailers, as well as physicians, nurses, hospitals, eye care professionals, and clinics. The company was founded in 1886 and is based in New Brunswick, New Jersey.;tech
JOBY;Joby Aviation, Inc., a vertically integrated air mobility company, engages in building an electric vertical takeoff and landing aircraft optimized to deliver air transportation as a service in the United States and Dubai. The company intends to build an aerial ridesharing service, as well as developing an app-based platform that will enable consumers to book rides. Joby Aviation, Inc. was founded in 2009 and is headquartered in Santa Cruz, California.;tech
JOE;The St. Joe Company, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a real estate development, asset management, and operating company in the United States. It operates through three segments: Residential, Hospitality, and Commercial. The Residential segment engages in the development of communities into homesites for sale to homebuilders and on a limited basis to retail customers. This segment primarily sells developed homesites, completed homes, parcels of entitled or undeveloped land or homesites, and a homesite residual on homebuilder, as well as offers title insurance and marketing services. Its Hospitality segment owns and operates a private membership club, golf courses, beach clubs, retail outlets, marinas, and other entertainment assets. This segment also engages in the hotel, food and beverage, and gulf-front vacation rental operations, as well as provides management services. The Commercial segment engages in leasing of commercial property, multi-family, a senior living community, and other assets. This segment also involved in the planning, development, entitlement, management, and sale of commercial and rural land holdings for retail, office, hotel, senior living, multi-family, self-storage, and industrial uses; and grows and sells pulpwood, sawtimber, and other forest products. The St. Joe Company was incorporated in 1936 and is based in Panama City Beach, Florida.;tech
JOF;Japan Smaller Capitalization Fund, Inc. is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched by Nomura Asset Management U.S.A. Inc. It is managed by Nomura Asset Management Co., Ltd. The fund invests in the public equity markets of Japan. It invests in stocks traded on the Tokyo, Osaka and Nagoya Stock Exchanges, JASDAQ, Mothers, Hercules, Centrex, and other indices. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in stocks of small cap companies. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the The Russell/Nomura Small Cap Index. It was formerly known as Japan OTC Equity Fund, Inc. Japan Smaller Capitalization Fund, Inc. was formed on March 22, 1990 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
JPC;Nuveen Preferred & Income Opportunities Fund is a closed ended balanced mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC, Nuveen Asset Management, LLC, and NWQ Investment Management Company, LLC. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in securities of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in preferred securities, dividend paying stocks of companies, and corporate and taxable municipal debt securities which are rated BBB/Baa or better by S&P, Moody's, or Fitch. The fund employs fundamental analysis with a top-down stock picking approach to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the BofA/Merrill Lynch Preferred Stock Fixed Rate Index and the JPC Blended Index which is comprised of 82.5% BofA/Merrill Lynch Preferred Stock Fixed Rate Index and 17.5% Barclays Capital Securities Index. The fund was formerly known as Nuveen Preferred Income Opportunities Fund. Nuveen Preferred & Income Opportunities Fund was formed on March 26, 2003 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
JPI;Nuveen Preferred Securities & Income Opportunities Fund is a close ended balanced mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests into public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies that are operating in financial services sectors such as bank, insurance, REITs, and utility companies. It primarily invests in preferred securities and other income producing securities including debt securities, hybrid securities, and convertible securities. At least 60% of the fund's assets are rated investment grade i.e. BBB/Baa or better by one of the nationally recognized statistical rating organizations. It employs fundamental and quantitative analysis, with focus a on bottom-up fundamental credit research to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Bank of America/Merrill Lynch Preferred Stock Fixed Rate Index. Nuveen Preferred Securities & Income Opportunities Fund was founded on July 26, 2012 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
JPM;JPMorgan Chase & Co. operates as a financial services company worldwide. It operates through three segments: Consumer & Community Banking, Commercial & Investment Bank, and Asset & Wealth Management. The company offers deposit, investment and lending products, cash management, and payments and services; mortgage origination and servicing activities; residential mortgages and home equity loans; and credit cards, auto loans, leases, and travel services to consumers and small businesses through bank branches, ATMs, and digital and telephone banking. It also provides investment banking products and services, including corporate strategy and structure advisory, and equity and debt market capital-raising services, as well as loan origination and syndication; payments; and cash and derivative instruments, risk management solutions, prime brokerage, and research, as well as offers securities services, including custody, fund services, liquidity, and trading services, and data solutions products. In addition, the company provides financial solutions, including lending, payments, investment banking, and asset management to small and midsized companies, local governments, nonprofit clients, and municipalities, as well as commercial real estate clients. Further, it offers multi-asset investment management solutions in equities, fixed income, alternatives, and money market funds to institutional clients and retail investors; and retirement products and services, brokerage, custody, estate planning, lending, deposits, and investment management products to high net worth clients. The company was founded in 1799 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
JQC;Nuveen Credit Strategies Income Fund is a closed-ended balanced mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is managed by Symphony Asset Management, LLC. It invests in the fixed income and public equity markets of the United States. The fund invests in senior secured and second lien loans, preferred securities, convertible securities and related instruments. It seeks to invest in investment grade securities. The fund employs fundamental analysis with a focus on bottom-up stock picking approach based on factors such as interest rate levels, conditions and developing trends in the bond and equity markets, analysis of relative valuations for preferred, convertible and other debt instruments, and other economic and market factors, including the overall outlook for the economy and inflation to create its portfolio. The Fund uses leverage .It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against Barclays Capital U.S. Aggregate Bond Index. The fund was formerly known as Nuveen Multi-Strategy Income & Growth Fund 2. Nuveen Credit Strategies Income Fund was formed on June 25, 2003 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
JRS;Nuveen Real Estate Income Fund is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments Inc. The fund is managed by Security Capital Research & Management Incorporated. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund makes its investments in stocks of companies operating in the real-estate sector. It typically invests in growth stocks of companies operating across all market capitalizations. Nuveen Real Estate Income Fund was formed on November 15, 2001 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
JXN;Jackson Financial Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides suite of annuities to retail investors in the United States. It operates through three segments: Retail Annuities, Institutional Products, and Closed Life and Annuity Blocks. The Retail Annuities segment offers various retirement income and savings products, including variable, fixed index, fixed, and payout annuities, as well as registered index-linked annuities and lifetime income solutions. Its Institutional Products segment provides traditional guaranteed investment contracts; funding agreements comprising agreements issued in conjunction with its participation in the U.S. federal home loan bank program; and medium-term funding agreement-backed notes. The Closed Life and Annuity Blocks segment offers various protection products, such as whole life, universal life, variable universal life, and term life insurance products, as well as fixed, fixed index, and payout annuities; and a block of group payout annuities. It also provides investment management services. It sells its products through a distribution network that includes independent broker-dealers, wirehouses, regional broker-dealers, banks, independent registered investment advisors, third-party platforms, and insurance agents. The company was formerly known as Brooke (Holdco1) Inc. and changed its name to Jackson Financial Inc. in July 2020. Jackson Financial Inc. was incorporated in 2006 and is headquartered in Lansing, Michigan.;tech
K;Kellanova, together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and markets snacks and convenience foods in North America, Europe, Latin America, the Asia Pacific, the Middle East, Australia, and Africa. Its principal products consist of snacks, such as crackers, savory snacks, toaster pastries, cereal bars, granola bars, and bites; and convenience foods, including ready-to-eat cereals, frozen waffles, veggie foods, and noodles; and crisps. The company offers its products under the Kellogg's, Cheez-It, Pringles, Austin, Parati, RXBAR, Eggo, Morningstar Farms, Bisco, Club, Luxe, Minueto, Special K, Toasteds, Town House, Zesta, Zoo Cartoon, Choco Krispis, Crunchy Nut, Kashi, Nutri-Grain, Squares, Zucaritas, Rice Krispies Treats, Sucrilhos, Pop-Tarts, K-Time, Sunibrite, Split Stix, LCMs, Coco Pops, Krave, Frosties, Rice Krispies Squares, Incogmeato, Veggitizers, Gardenburger, Trink, Carr's, Kellogg's Extra, Müsli, Fruit n Fibre, Kellogg's Crunchy Nut, Country Store, Smacks, Honey Bsss, Zimmy's, Toppas, Tresor, Froot Ring, Chocos, Chex, Guardian, Just Right, Sultana Bran, Rice Bubbles, Sustain, Choco Krispies, Melvin, Cornelius, Chocovore, Poperto, Pops the Bee, and Sammy the Seal brand names. It sells its products to retailers through direct sales forces, as well as brokers and distributors. The company was formerly known as Kellogg Company and changed its name to Kellanova in October 2023. Kellanova was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
KAI;Kadant Inc. supplies technologies and engineered systems worldwide. It operates in three segments: Flow Control, Industrial Processing, and Material Handling. The Flow Control segment develops, manufactures, and markets fluid-handling systems and equipment, such as rotary joints, syphons, turbulator bars, expansion joints, and engineered steam and condensate systems; and doctoring, cleaning, and filtration systems and related consumables consisting of doctor systems and holders, doctor blades, cleaning shower and fabric-conditioning systems, forming systems and wear surfaces, and water-filtration systems. The Industrial Processing segment develops, manufactures, and markets ring and rotary debarkers, stranders, chippers, engineered knife systems, industrial automation and control, recycling and approach flow systems, and virgin pulping process equipment for use in the packaging, tissue, wood products, and alternative fuel industries. The Material Handling segment offers conveying and vibratory equipment, and baling products; and manufactures and sells biodegradable and absorbent granules for carriers in agricultural, home lawn and garden, professional lawn, turf, and ornamental applications, as well as for oil and grease absorption. The company markets and sells its products, services, and systems through direct sales, independent sales agents, and distributors. The company was formerly known as Thermo Fibertek, Inc. and changed its name to Kadant Inc. in July 2001. Kadant Inc. was incorporated in 1991 and is headquartered in Westford, Massachusetts.;tech
KAR;OPENLANE, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a digital marketplace for used vehicles, which connects sellers and buyers in the United States, Canada, Continental Europe and the United Kingdom. The company operates through two segments, Marketplace and Finance. The Marketplace segment offers digital marketplace services for buying and selling used vehicles; and value-added ancillary services, including inbound and outbound transportation logistics, reconditioning, vehicle inspection and certification, titling, administrative, and collateral recovery services. Its digital marketplaces include OPENLANE platform, a mobile app enabled solutions that allows dealers to sell and source inventory. This segment sells its products and services through commercial fleet operators, financial institutions, rental car companies, new and used vehicle dealers, and vehicle manufacturers. The Finance segment offers floorplan financing, a short-term inventory-secured financing to independent vehicle dealers. It serves commercial customers, and franchise and independent dealer customers. The company was formerly known as KAR Auction Services, Inc. and changed its name to OPENLANE, Inc. in May 2023. OPENLANE, Inc. was incorporated in 2006 and is headquartered in Carmel, Indiana.;tech
KB;KB Financial Group Inc. provides various banking and related financial services to consumers and corporations in South Korea, the United States, New Zealand, China, Cambodia, the United Kingdom, Indonesia, and internationally. It operates through Retail Banking, Corporate Banking, Other Banking Services, Credit Card, Securities, Life Insurance, and Non-Life Insurance segments. The company offers loans, deposit products, and other related financial products and services to large, small, medium-sized enterprises, and small office/home office, as well as individuals and households; investment banking, and brokerage and supporting services; life insurance products; non-life insurance products, including fire, maritime, injury, technology, liability, package, title, guarantee, other special type insurances, automobile, long-term nonlife, property damage, injury, driver, savings, illness, nursing, pension, and others; and credit sale, cash service, card loan, and other supporting services. It also involved in securities and derivatives trading, funding, and other supporting activities. In addition, the company offers foreign exchange transaction; financial investment; credit card and installment financing; financial leasing; auto Installment finance; real estate trust management; capital and collective investment; collection of receivables or credit investigation; software advisory, development, and supply; microfinance; investment advisory; claim; management; savings banking; information and communication; e-commerce; and general advisory services. KB Financial Group Inc. was founded in 1963 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.;tech
KBDC;Kayne Anderson BDC, Inc. is business development company and an externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that intends to elect to be regulated as a BDC under the 1940 Act. The fund seeks to make investments in middle-market companies. It also makes debt investments in middle-market companies and investing primarily in first lien senior secured, unitranche, and split-lien loans to privately held middle-market companies. The fund considers between 80% and 90% of its portfolio (including investments purchased with proceeds from borrowings) will be invested in first lien senior secured, unitranche and split-lien term loans. The remaining 10% to 20% of its portfolio will be invested in higher-yielding investments, including, but not limited to, second lien loans, last-out or subordinated loans, non-investment grade broadly syndicated leveraged loans, high-yield bonds, structured products (including CLO liabilities), real estate related debt securities, equity securities purchased in conjunction with debt investments and other opportunistic investments.;tech
KBR;KBR, Inc. provides scientific, technology, and engineering solutions to governments and commercial customers worldwide. It operates through Government Solutions and Sustainable Technology Solutions segments. The company offers research and development, advanced prototyping, acquisition support, systems engineering, cyber analytics, space domain awareness, test and evaluation, data analytics and integration, systems integration and program management, global supply chain management, operations readiness and support, and professional advisory services, as well as command, control, communications, computers, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance services to defense, intelligence, space, aviation, and other programs and missions for military and other government agencies. It also operates portfolio of various proprietary process technologies for ammonia/syngas, chemical/petrochemicals, clean refining, and circular process/circular economy solutions. In addition, the company provides synergistic services, including energy security, broad-based energy transition and net-zero carbon emission solutions, high-end engineering, design and program management centered around decarbonization, energy efficiency, and environmental impact and asset optimization, as well as digitally-enabled operating and monitoring solutions. KBR, Inc. was founded in 1901 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
KD;Kyndryl Holdings, Inc. operates as a technology services company and IT infrastructure services provider in the United States, Japan, and internationally. The company offers cloud services; core enterprise and zCloud services; application, data, and artificial intelligence services; digital workplace services; security and resiliency services; and network services and edge services. It serves financial, healthcare, public, technology, media and telecom, retail, travel, and automotive industries. Kyndryl Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in 2020 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
KEN;Kenon Holdings Ltd., through its subsidiaries, operates as an owner, developer, and operator of power generation facilities in Israel and the United States. It engages in the generation and supply of electricity, and energy; development, construction, operation of power plants, and energy generation facilities using natural gas and renewable energy; and management of solar and wind energy, and conventional natural gas-fired power plants. The company was incorporated in 2014 and is based in Singapore. Kenon Holdings Ltd. is a subsidiary of Ansonia Holdings Singapore B.V.;tech
KEP;Korea Electric Power Corporation, an integrated electric utility company, engages in the generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity in South Korea and internationally. It operates through Transmission and Distribution, Nuclear Power Generation, Thermal Power Generation, and Others segments. The company generates power from nuclear, coal, oil, liquefied natural gas, internal combustion, combined-cycle, integrated gasification combined cycle, hydro, wind, solar, fuel cell, biogas, and other sources. As of December 31, 2024, the company had a total of 848 generation units, including nuclear, thermal, hydroelectric, and internal combustion units with an installed generation capacity of 85,424 megawatts; transmission system consisted of 35,856 circuit kilometers of lines of 765 kilovolts and others, including high-voltage direct current lines, as well as 925 substations with an installed transformer capacity of 368,758 megavolt-amperes; and distribution system included 148,176 megavolt-amperes of transformer capacity and 10,251,345 units of support with a total line length of 547,850 circuit kilometers. It also provides electricity to residential, commercial, educational, industrial, agricultural, street lighting, and overnight power usage. In addition, the company offers engineering and construction services for utility plant and others; utility plant maintenance, electric power information technology, resources development, facility maintenance, electric meter reading, and security services; and engages in nuclear fuel, fly ashes recycling, utility plants construction and operation, and wood pellet utilization businesses. Korea Electric Power Corporation was founded in 1898 and is headquartered in Naju-Si, South Korea.;tech
KEX;Kirby Corporation operates domestic tank barges in the United States. Its Marine Transportation segment provides marine transportation service and towing vessel transporting bulk liquid product, as well as operates tank barge throughout the Mississippi River System, on the Gulf Intracoastal Waterway, coastwise along three United States coasts, and in Alaska and Hawaii. It also transports petrochemicals, black oils, refined petroleum products, and agricultural chemicals by tank barges; and operates offshore dry-bulk barges and tugboat units that are engaged in the offshore transportation of dry-bulk cargos in the United States coastal trade. It owns and operates 1,094 inland tank barges, approximately 281 inland towboats, 28 coastal tank barges, 24 coastal tugboats, 4 offshore dry-bulk cargo barges, 3 offshore tugboats, and a docking tugboat. Its Distribution and Services segment sells after-market service and genuine replacement parts for engines, transmissions, reduction gears, electric motors, drives, and controls, electrical distribution and control systems, energy storage battery systems, and related oilfield service equipment; rebuilds component parts or diesel engines, transmissions and reduction gears, and related equipment used in oilfield services, marine, power generation, on-highway, and other industrial applications; rents generators, industrial compressors, high capacity lift trucks, and refrigeration trailers; and manufactures and remanufactures oilfield service equipment, including pressure pumping units, as well as manufacturers electric power generation equipment, specialized electrical distribution and control equipment, and high capacity energy storage/battery systems. It serves to various companies, the United States government, and pleasure crafts. The company was formerly known as Kirby Exploration Company, Inc. and changed its name to Kirby Corporation in 1990. Kirby Corporation was founded in 1921 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
KEY;KeyCorp operates as the holding company for KeyBank National Association that provides various retail and commercial banking products and services in the United States. It operates in two segments, Consumer Bank and Commercial Bank. The company offers various deposits and investment products; commercial leasing, investment management, consumer finance; personal finance and financial wellness, lending, student loan refinancing, mortgage and home equity, credit card, treasury, and business advisory; and wealth management and investment services for institutional, non-profit, and high-net-worth clients. It also provides lending, cash management, equipment financing, and commercial mortgage loans; and capital market products and services, such as syndicated finance, debt and equity underwriting, fixed income and equity sales and trading, derivatives, foreign exchange, mergers and acquisition, other advisory, and public finance to large corporate and institutional clients. In addition, the company offers personal and institutional trust custody services, personal financial and planning services, access to mutual funds, treasury services, and international banking services. Further, it provides community development financing, securities underwriting, brokerage, and investment banking services, as well as merchant services. The company was founded in 1849 and is headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio.;tech
KEYS;Keysight Technologies, Inc. provides electronic design and test solutions worldwide. The company operates in two segments, Communications Solutions Group and Electronic Industrial Solutions Group. It offers oscilloscopes; electronic design automation software; instrument measurement and workflow software, application software testing, instrument control software and connectivity, and software testing; modular instruments; digital multimeters, phase noise measurement, power meters and power sensors, counters, LCR meters and impedance measurement products, and electrometers; spectrum, logic, noise figure, and network analyzers; and protocol analyzers and exercisers, bit error ratio testers, AC and DC power analyzers, materials test equipment, device current waveform analyzers, and curve tracers. It also provides signal, waveform, and function generators; arbitrary waveform generators, DC power supplies, and DC electronic loads; wireless drive test, radio access and core network test, wireless analyzers, wireless network emulators, channel emulations, and over-the-air test; application and threat intelligence, cloud test, 5G NR base station test, cyber training simulators, network test hardware, protocol and load test, network security test, and network modeling; bypass switches, cloud visibility and synchronization, network and application monitoring, and network packet brokers and taps; and application-specific test systems, in-circuit test systems, parametric test, laser interferometers and calibration systems, monolithic laser combiners and precision optics, photonic test and measurement products, MMIC millimeter-wave and microwave devices, and accessories. In addition, it offers product support, technical and application support, installation, training, engineering, and integration services. The company was founded in 1939 and is headquartered in Santa Rosa, California.;tech
KF;The Korea Fund, Inc. is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Allianz Global Investors U.S. LLC. The fund invests in the public equity markets of Korea. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund primarily invests in growth stocks of companies. It employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach, focusing on such factors as price-to-earnings ratios, dividend yields, and earnings-per-share growth to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI Korea 25/50 Index. It uses 'Grassroots Research' to make its investments. The Korea Fund, Inc. was formed on August 29, 1984 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
KFRC;Kforce Inc. provides professional staffing services and solutions in the United States. It operates through two segments, Technology, and Finance and Accounting (FA). The Technology segment provides talent solutions to its clients primarily in the areas of information technology, such as systems/applications architecture and development; data management and analytics; cloud architecture and engineering; business and artificial intelligence; machine learning; project and program management; and network architecture and security. This segment serves clients in various industries comprising financial and business services, communications, insurance, retail, and technology industries. The FA businesses segment offers talent solutions to its clients in areas, including financial planning and analysis, business intelligence analysis, general accounting, transactional accounting, business and cost analysis, and taxation and treasury; and consultants in lower skill roles comprising mortgage servicing; customer and call center support; data entry; and other lower skilled administrative roles. This segment serves clients in various industries, including financial and business services, healthcare, and manufacturing sectors. Kforce Inc. was founded in 1962 and is headquartered in Tampa, Florida.;tech
KFS;Kingsway Financial Services Inc. through its subsidiaries, engages in the extended warranty and business services in the United States. It operates through two segments: Extended Warranty and Kingsway Search Xcelerator. The Extended Warranty segment markets, sells, and administers vehicle service agreements and related products for new and used automobiles, motorcycles, and ATVs. This segment also markets and distributes warranty products to manufacturers, distributors, and installers of heating, ventilation and air conditioning, standby generator, commercial LED lighting, and commercial refrigeration equipment; and provides equipment breakdown and maintenance support services to companies, as well as after-market vehicle protection services. Its Kingsway Search Xcelerator segment offers outsourced finance and human resources consulting services, including operational accounting, such as bookkeeping, accounting, financial reporting, and analysis and strategic finance services; technical accounting comprising initial public offerings, Securities and Exchange Commission reporting, and international consolidation services; human resources, workforce management, and compliance support services; and advisory services. This segment also provides financial executive services for project and interim staffing engagements; search services for permanent placements; healthcare staffing services to acute healthcare facilities for short-term and day-to-day needs of hospitals; software products for the management needs of all types of shared-ownership properties; and fully managed outsourced cardiac telemetry services, as well as provides mobile monitors to the hospitals. It offers its products and services through credit unions and dealers. Kingsway Financial Services Inc. was incorporated in 1989 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
KFY;Korn Ferry, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the provision of organizational consulting services worldwide. The company offers consulting services for talent strategies, organizational structures, and workforce capabilities; and develops, integrate, and commercializes with Korn Ferry Talent suite, as well as enabling technology across Korn Ferry's other solution areas. The company operates cloud human resources platforms comprising Korn Ferry Architect, for providing organization and talent planning architecture for an agile and future-focused workforce; Korn Ferry Assess, for empowering leaders to take actions that lead to business success; Korn Ferry Listen, for deploying engagement surveys and benchmark employee engagement; Korn Ferry Sell, for developing and replicating sales strategies; and Korn Ferry Pay, a self-service pay solution, that provides global data and insights needed in real-time to make decisions on employee compensation programs. It serves public and private companies, consumer markets, financial services, healthcare, life sciences, industrial, technology, and specialties sectors. The company was formerly known as Korn/Ferry International and changed its name to Korn Ferry in January 2019. Korn Ferry was founded in 1969 and is based in Los Angeles, California.;tech
KGC;Kinross Gold Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the acquisition, exploration, and development of gold properties principally in the United States, Brazil, Chile, Canada, and Mauritania. It is also involved in the extraction and processing of gold-containing ores; reclamation of gold mining properties; and production and sale of silver. Kinross Gold Corporation was founded in 1993 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.;tech
KGS;Kodiak Gas Services, Inc. operates contract compression infrastructure for customers in the oil and gas industry in the United States. It operates in two segments, Contract Services and Other Services. The Contract Services segment operates company-owned and customer-owned compression, and gas treating and cooling infrastructure, pursuant to primarily fixed-revenue contracts to enable the production and gathering of natural gas and oil. The Other Services segment provides a range of contract services to support ancillary needs of customers, including station construction, maintenance and overhaul, freight and crane charges, and other time and material-based offerings. The company was formerly known as Frontier TopCo, Inc. Kodiak Gas Services, Inc. was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in The Woodlands, Texas.;tech
KIM;Kimco Realty (NYSE: KIM) is a real estate investment trust (REIT) and leading owner and operator of high-quality, open-air, grocery-anchored shopping centers and mixed-use properties in the United States. The company's portfolio is strategically concentrated in the first-ring suburbs of the top major metropolitan markets, including high-barrier-to-entry coastal markets and Sun Belt cities. Its tenant mix is focused on essential, necessity-based goods and services that drive multiple shopping trips per week. Publicly traded on the NYSE since 1991 and included in the S&P 500 Index, the company has specialized in shopping center ownership, management, acquisitions, and value-enhancing redevelopment activities for more than 65 years. With a proven commitment to corporate responsibility, Kimco Realty is a recognized industry leader in this area. As of June 30, 2025, the company owned interests in 566 U.S. shopping centers and mixed-use assets comprising 101 million square feet of gross leasable space.;tech
KKR;KKR & Co. Inc. is a private equity and real estate investment firm specializing in direct and fund of fund investments. It specializes in acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, management buyouts, credit special situations, growth equity, mature, mezzanine, distressed, turnaround, lower middle market, and middle market investments. The firm considers investments in all industries with a focus on software, fintech, data and information, security, semiconductors, consumer electronics, internet of things (iot), internet, information services, information technology infrastructure, financial technology, network and cyber security architecture, engineering and operations, content, technology and hardware, energy and infrastructure, real estate, services industry with a focus on business services, intelligence, industry-leading franchises and companies in natural resource, containers and packaging, agriculture, airports, ports, forestry, electric utilities, textiles, apparel and luxury goods, household durables, digital media, insurance, brokerage houses, non-durable goods distribution, supermarket retailing, grocery stores, food, beverage, and tobacco, hospitals, entertainment venues and production companies, publishing, printing services, capital goods, financial services, specialized finance, pipelines, and renewable energy. In energy and infrastructure, it focuses on the upstream oil and gas and equipment, minerals and royalties and services verticals. In real estate, the firm seeks to invest in private and public real estate securities including property-level equity, debt and special situations transactions and businesses with significant real estate holdings, and oil and natural gas properties. The firm also invests in asset services sector that encompasses a broad array of B2B, B2C and B2G services verticals including asset-based, transport, logistics, leisure/hospitality, resource and utility support, infra-like, mission-critical, and environmental services. Within Americas, the firm prefers to invest in consumer products; chemicals, metals and mining; energy and natural resources; financial services; healthcare; biopharmaceutical; medical device; health care services; life science tools/diagnostics; health care information technology sub-sectors; industrials; media and communications; retail; and technology. Within Europe, the firm invests in consumer and retail; energy; financial services; health care; industrials and chemicals; media and digital; and telecom and technologies. Within Asia, it invests in consumer products; energy and resources; financial services; healthcare; industrials; logistics; media and telecom; retail; real estate; and technology. It also seeks to make impact investments focused on identifying and investing behind businesses with positive social or environmental impact. The firm seeks to invest in mid to high-end residential developments but can invest in other projects throughout Mainland China through outright ownership, joint ventures, and merger. It invests globally with a focus on Australia, emerging and developed Asia, Middle East and Africa, Nordic, Southeast Asia, Asia Pacific, Ireland, Hong Kong, Japan, Taiwan, India, Vietnam, Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia, France, Germany, Netherlands, United Kingdom, Caribbean, Mexico, South America, North America, Israel, Brazil, Latin America, Korea with a focus on South Korea, and United States of America. In the United States and Europe, the firm focuses on buyouts of large, publicly traded companies. For middle market private equity it seeks to invest in companies with enterprise values between $200 million and $1 billion ($1000 million). The firm prefers to invest in a range of debt and public equity investing and may co-invest. It seeks a board seat in its portfolio companies and a controlling ownership of a company or a strategic minority position. The firm may acquire majority and minority equity interests, particularly when making private equity investments in Asia or sponsoring investments as part of a large investor consortium. The firm typically holds its investment for a period of five to seven years and more and exits through initial public offerings, secondary offerings, and sales to strategic buyers. KKR & Co. Inc. was founded in May 1, 1976 and is based in New York, New York with additional offices across North America, Europe, Australia, Middle East and Asia Pacific.;tech
KLAR;Klarna Group plc operates as a technology-driven payments company in the United Kingdom, the United States, Germany, Sweden, and internationally. The company provides payment, advertising, and digital retail banking solutions. It offers Klarna App that creates holistic commerce destination experience for consumers. The company was formerly known as Klarna UK II plc and changed its name to Klarna Group plc in December 2023. Klarna Group plc was founded in 2005 and is based in London, United Kingdom.;tech
KLG;WK Kellogg Co operates as a food company in the United States, Canada, Mexico, and the Caribbean. The company manufactures, markets, and distributes ready-to-eat cereal products primarily under the Frosted Flakes, Special K, Froot Loops, Raisin Bran, Frosted Mini-Wheats, Kashi, Corn Flakes, and Apple Jacks brand names. It serves supermarket chains, wholesalers, supercenters, club stores, mass merchandisers, distributors, convenience stores, drug stores, gasoline stations, value stores, online channels, and other retail food outlets through its own sales forces, broker, and distributor arrangements. The company was formerly known as North America Cereal Co. and changed its name to WK Kellogg Co in March 2023. The company was founded in 1894 and is headquartered in Battle Creek, Michigan.;tech
KMI;Kinder Morgan, Inc. operates as an energy infrastructure company primarily in North America. The company operates through Natural Gas Pipelines, Products Pipelines, Terminals, and CO2 segments. The Natural Gas Pipelines segment owns and operates interstate and intrastate natural gas pipeline, and storage systems; natural gas gathering systems and natural gas processing and treating facilities; natural gas liquids fractionation facilities and transportation systems; and liquefied natural gas gasification, liquefaction, and storage facilities. The Products Pipelines segment owns and operates refined petroleum products, and crude oil and condensate pipelines; and associated product terminals and petroleum pipeline transmix facilities. The Terminals segment owns and/or operates liquids and bulk terminals that stores and handles various commodities, including gasoline, diesel fuel, renewable fuel and feedstocks, chemicals, ethanol, metals, and petroleum coke; and owns tankers. The CO2 segment produces, transports, and markets CO2 to recovery and production crude oil from mature oil fields; owns interests in/or operates oil fields and gasoline processing plants; and operates a crude oil pipeline system in West Texas, as well as owns and operates RNG and LNG facilities. The company was formerly known as Kinder Morgan Holdco LLC and changed its name to Kinder Morgan, Inc. in February 2011. Kinder Morgan, Inc. was founded in 1997 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
KMT;Kennametal Inc. engages in development and application of tungsten carbides, ceramics, and hard materials and solutions worldwide. It operates through two segments, Metal Cutting and Infrastructure. The Metal Cutting segment offers milling, hole making, turning, threading, and toolmaking systems used in the manufacture of airframes, aero engines, trucks and automobiles, ships, and various types of industrial equipment under the Kennametal, WIDIA, WIDIA Hanita, and WIDIA GTD brands through its direct sales force, a network of independent and national distributors, integrated supplier channels, and digitally. Its Infrastructure segment produces engineered tungsten carbide and ceramic components, earth-cutting tools, and metallurgical powders, such as compacts, nozzles, frac seats, and custom components used in oil and gas and petrochemical industries; rod blanks and abrasive water jet nozzles for general industries; earth cutting tools and systems used in underground mining, trenching and foundation drilling, and road milling; tungsten carbide powders for the oil and gas, aerospace, and process industries; high temperature critical wear components, tungsten penetrators, and armor solutions for aerospace and defense; and ceramics used by the packaging industry for metallization of films and papers under the Kennametal brand through a direct sales force and distributors. The company was founded in 1938 and is based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.;tech
KMX;CarMax, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates as a retailer of used vehicles and related products in the United States. The company operates in two segments: CarMax Sales Operations and CarMax Auto Finance. The CarMax Sales Operations segment offers customers a range of makes and models of used vehicles, including domestic, imported, and luxury vehicles, as well as hybrid and electric vehicles; used vehicle auctions; extended protection plans to customers at the time of sale; and reconditioning and vehicle repair services. The CarMax Auto Finance segment provides financing alternatives for retail customers across a range of credit spectrum and arrangements with various financial institutions. The company was founded in 1993 and is based in Richmond, Virginia.;tech
KN;Knowles Corporation offers capacitors, radio frequency (RF) and microwave filters, balanced armature speakers, and medtech microphones in Asia, the United States, Europe, rest of Americas, and internationally. It operates in two segments, Precision Devices (PD) and Medtech & Specialty Audio (MSA). The PD segment designs and delivers ceramic, film, electrolytic, and mica capacitor products for use in power supplies and medical implants; and RF filtering solutions for use in satellite communications and radar systems for defense applications. The MSA segment designs and manufactures balanced armature speakers and microphones for the hearing health, audio, and True Wireless Stereo markets. It serves the defense, medtech, electric vehicle, industrial, and communications markets through original equipment manufacturers, their contract manufacturers, suppliers, sales representatives, and distributors. Knowles Corporation was founded in 1946 and is headquartered in Itasca, Illinois.;tech
KNF;Knife River Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides aggregates-led construction materials and contracting services in the United States. It operates through Pacific, Northwest, Mountain, Central, and Energy Services segments. The company mines, processes, and sells construction aggregates, including crushed stone and sand, and gravel; and produces and sells asphalt and ready-mix concrete. It also provides contracting service, such as heavy-civil construction, asphalt and concrete paving, and site development and grading. In addition, the company sells cement, merchandise, and other building materials and related services; and produces and supplies liquid asphalt for use in asphalt road construction. The company sells its construction materials to public and private-sector customers comprising federal, state, and municipal governments; industrial, commercial, and residential developers, as well as other private parties; and provides its contracting services to public-sector customers for the development and servicing of highways, local roads, bridges, and other public-infrastructure projects. Knife River Corporation was founded in 1917 and is headquartered in Bismarck, North Dakota.;tech
KNSL;Kinsale Capital Group, Inc. engages in the provision of property and casualty insurance products in the United States. The company's commercial lines offerings include commercial property, excess casualty, small business casualty, general casualty, construction, allied health, small business property, products liability, entertainment, energy, life sciences, commercial auto, professional liability, excess professional, environmental, inland marine, health care, management liability, public entity, aviation, ocean marine, agribusiness, product recall, and railroad insurance. Its personal lines offerings also include high value homeowners and personal insurance products. The company sells its insurance products in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands primarily through a network of independent insurance brokers. Kinsale Capital Group, Inc. was founded in 2009 and is headquartered in Richmond, Virginia.;tech
KNX;Knight-Swift Transportation Holdings Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides freight transportation services in the United States and Mexico. The company operates through four segments: Truckload, Less-than-truckload (LTL), Logistics, and Intermodal. The Truckload segment provides transportation services, which include irregular route and dedicated, refrigerated, expedited, flatbed, and cross-border operations. This segment operates an average of 22,791 tractors, which includes 20,644 company tractors and 2,147 independent contractor tractors, as well as 92,831 trailers. The LTL segment offers regional LTL transportation services through a network of approximately 170 service centers; and national coverage through partner carrier outside the network. This segment operates an average of 3,569 tractors and 9,564 trailers. The Logistic segment provides brokerage and other freight management services through third-party transportation providers and equipment. The Intermodal segment offers transportation services, including freight through third-party intermodal rail services on trailing equipment, such as containers and trailers on flat cars; and drayage services. This segment operates an average of 615 tractors and 12,572 intermodal containers. The company also provides repair and maintenance shop, equipment leasing, warranty, and insurance services; and warehousing and driving academy services, as well as manufactures trailer parts. It serves retail, food and beverage, consumer and paper products, transportation and logistics, housing and building, automotive, and manufacturing industries. The company was incorporated in 1989 and is headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona.;tech
KO;The Coca-Cola Company, a beverage company, manufactures and sells various nonalcoholic beverages in the United States and internationally. The company provides sparkling soft drinks and flavors; water, sports, coffee, and tea; juice, value-added dairy, and plant-based beverages; and other beverages. It also offers beverage concentrates and syrups, as well as fountain syrups to fountain retailers comprising restaurants and convenience stores. The company sells its products under the Coca-Cola, Diet Coke/Coca-Cola Light, Coca-Cola Zero Sugar, caffeine free Diet Coke, Cherry Coke, Fanta Orange, Fanta Zero Orange, Fanta Zero Sugar, Fanta Apple, Sprite, Sprite Zero Sugar, Simply Orange, Simply Apple, Simply Grapefruit, Fresca, Schweppes, Thums Up, Aquarius, Ayataka, BODYARMOR, Ciel, Costa, Crystal, Dasani, dogadan, Fuze Tea, Georgia, glacéau smartwater, glacéau vitaminwater, Gold Peak, I LOHAS, Powerade, Topo Chico, Core Power, Del Valle, fairlife, innocent, Maaza, Minute Maid, Minute Maid Pulpy, and Simply brands. It operates through a network of independent bottling partners, distributors, wholesalers, and retailers, as well as through bottling and distribution operators. The company was founded in 1886 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
KODK;Eastman Kodak Company focuses on the commercial print and advanced materials and chemicals businesses worldwide. The company operates through three segments: Print, Advanced Materials and Chemicals, and Brand. The Print segment provides digital offset plate offerings and computer-to-plate imaging solutions; digital printing solutions; press systems and components under the PROSPER brand name, as well as print inks and primers under the KODAK OPTIMAX, KODACHROME, and KODAK EKTACOLOR brand names; and PRINERGY, a workflow production software that is used by customers to manage digital and conventional print content from file creation to output. This segment offers its products to commercial industries, including commercial print, direct mail, book publishing, newspapers and magazines, décor, and packaging/labels. The Advanced Materials and Chemicals segment engages in the industrial film and chemicals, motion picture, advanced materials and functional printing, and IP licensing and analytical activities. This segment also comprises the Kodak Research Laboratories, which conducts research, develops new product or new business opportunities, and files patent applications, as well as manages licensing of its intellectual property to third parties. The Brand segment engages in the licensing of Kodak brand to third parties. The company is also involved in the operation of Eastman Business Park, a technology center and industrial complex. It sells its products and services through direct sales, third party resellers, dealers, channel partners, and distributors. The company was founded in 1880 and is headquartered in Rochester, New York.;tech
KOF;Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V., a franchise bottler, produces, markets, sells, and distributes Coca-Cola trademark beverages in Mexico, Guatemala, Nicaragua, Costa Rica, Panama, Colombia, Brazil, Argentina, and Uruguay. The company offers sparkling beverages, including colas and flavored sparkling beverages; waters; and other non-carbonated beverages, such as tea, sports drinks, energy drinks, fruit-based beverages, juice, coffee, milk, value-added dairy, and plant-based drinks. It also distributes and sells beer products under the Heineken, Estrella Galicia, and Therezópolis brands, as well as Campari alcoholic beverages, Perfetti confectionary and chewing gum, and Monster products. The company sells its products to distributors, retail outlets, wholesale supermarkets, discount and convenience stores, retailers, points-of-sale outlets, restaurants and bars, stadiums, auditoriums, theaters, and home deliveries. Coca-Cola FEMSA, S.A.B. de C.V. was founded in 1979 and is headquartered in Mexico City, Mexico.;tech
KOP;Koppers Holdings Inc. provides treated wood products, wood preservation chemicals, and carbon compounds in the United States, Australasia, Europe, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Railroad and Utility Products and Services; Performance Chemicals; and Carbon Materials and Chemicals. The company procures and treats crossties, switch ties, and various types of lumber used for railroad bridges and crossings; offers utility products, including pressure treatment of transmission and distribution poles for electric and telephone utilities; untreated wood products and rail joint bars; and provides railroad services, such as engineering, design, repair, and inspection services for railroad bridges. It also provides copper-based wood preservatives comprising micronized copper azole, micronized pigments, alkaline copper quaternary, amine copper azole, dichloro-octyl-isothiazolinone, chromated copper arsenate under the MicroPro and MicroShades brands for decking, fencing, utility poles, construction lumber and timbers, and various agricultural applications; and supplies fire-retardant chemicals under the FlamePro brand for pressure treatment of wood applications. In addition, the company offers creosote for the treatment of wood or as a feedstock in the production of carbon black; carbon pitch, a raw material used in the production of aluminum and steel; naphthalene for use as a feedstock in the production of phthalic anhydride and as a surfactant in the production of concrete; phthalic anhydride for the production of plasticizers, polyester resins, and alkyd paints; and carbon black feedstock. It serves the railroad, specialty chemical, utility, residential lumber, agriculture, aluminum, steel, rubber, and construction sectors. Koppers Holdings Inc. was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.;tech
KORE;KORE Group Holdings, Inc. provides Internet of Things (IoT) services and solutions in the United States and internationally. The company offers connectivity and location-based services, device solutions, and managed and professional services that are used in the development and support of IoT technology for the business market. Its products include IoT connectivity-as-a-service; connectivity enablement-as-a-service; device management services; and security software services. In addition, the company offers IoT connectivity products comprising sim cards; and IoT devices. The company serves customers in healthcare, fleet and vehicle management, asset management, communication services, and industrial/manufacturing sectors. KORE Group Holdings, Inc. was founded in 2002 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
KOS;Kosmos Energy Ltd., a deep-water exploration and production company, engages in the exploration, development, and production of oil and natural gas properties. The company has oil and gas production projects located in offshore Ghana, Equatorial Guinea, Mauritania, Senegal, and the Gulf of America. Kosmos Energy Ltd. was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
KR;The Kroger Co. operates as a food and drug retailer in the United States. The company operates combination food and drug stores, multi-department stores, marketplace stores, and price impact warehouses. Its combination food and drug stores offer natural food and organic sections, pharmacies, general merchandise, pet centers, fresh seafood, and organic produce; and its multi-department stores provide apparel, home fashion and furnishings, outdoor living, electronics, automotive products, and toys. The company's marketplace stores offer full-service grocery, pharmacy, health and beauty care, and perishable goods, as well as general merchandise, including apparel, home goods, and toys; and its price impact warehouse stores provide grocery, and health and beauty care items, as well as meat, dairy, baked goods, and fresh produce items. It also manufactures and processes food products for sale in its supermarkets and online; and sells fuel through its fuel centers. The company sells its products through its stores, fuel centers, and online platforms. The Kroger Co. was founded in 1883 and is based in Cincinnati, Ohio.;tech
KRC;Kilroy is a leading U.S. landlord and developer, with operations in San Diego, Los Angeles, the San Francisco Bay Area, Seattle, and Austin. The Company has earned global recognition for sustainability, building operations, innovation, and design. As a pioneer and innovator in the creation of a more sustainable real estate industry, the Company's approach to modern business environments helps drive creativity and productivity for some of the world's leading technology, entertainment, life science, and business services companies. The Company is a publicly traded real estate investment trust (REIT) and member of the S&P MidCap 400 Index with more than seven decades of experience developing, acquiring, and managing office, life science, and mixed-use projects. As of June 30, 2025, Kilroy's stabilized portfolio totaled approximately 16.4 million square feet of primarily office and life science space that was 80.8% occupied and 83.5% leased. The Company also had approximately 1,000 residential units in Hollywood and San Diego, which had a quarterly average occupancy of 93.8%. In addition, the Company had one development project in the tenant improvement phase totaling approximately 875,000 square feet with a total estimated investment of $1.0 billion and two life science redevelopment projects in the tenant improvement phase totaling approximately 100,000 square feet with total estimated redevelopment costs of $85.0 million.;tech
KRG;Kite Realty Group (NYSE: KRG), a real estate investment trust (REIT), is a premier owner and operator of open-air shopping centers and mixed-use assets. The Company's primarily grocery-anchored portfolio is located in high-growth Sun Belt and select strategic gateway markets. The combination of necessity-based grocery-anchored neighborhood and community centers, along with vibrant mixed-use assets, makes the KRG portfolio an ideal platform for both retailers and consumers. Publicly listed since 2004, KRG has over 60 years of experience in developing, constructing and operating real estate. Using operational, investment, development, and redevelopment expertise, KRG continuously optimizes its portfolio to maximize value and return to shareholders. As of June 30, 2025, the Company owned interests in 181 U.S. open-air shopping centers and mixed-use assets, comprising approximately 29.8 million square feet of gross leasable space.;tech
KRMN;Karman Holdings Inc., through its subsidiary, engages in designing, testing, manufacturing, and sale of mission-critical systems in the United States. The company offers payload protection and deployment systems, aerodynamic interstage systems, and propulsion systems. It serves its products to hypersonics and strategic missile defense, tactical missile and integrated defense systems, and space and launch markets. The company was incorporated in 2020 and is headquartered in Huntington Beach, California. Karman Holdings Inc. is a subsidiary of TCFIII Spaceco SPV LP.;tech
KRO;Kronos Worldwide, Inc. produces and markets titanium dioxide pigments (TiO2) in Europe, North America, the Asia Pacific, and internationally. The company offers TiO2 in two crystalline forms comprising rutile and anatase to impart whiteness, brightness, opacity, and durability for various products, including paints, coatings, plastics, paper, fibers, and ceramics, as well as for various specialty products, such as inks, foods, cosmetics, and pharmaceuticals. It also produces ilmenite, a raw material used directly as a feedstock by sulfate-process TiO2 plants; iron-based chemicals, which are used as treatment and conditioning agents for industrial effluents and municipal wastewater, as well as in the manufacture of iron pigments, cement, and agricultural products; and specialty chemicals for use in the formulation of pearlescent pigments, and production of electroceramic capacitors for cell phones and other electronic devices, as well as for use in natural gas pipe and other specialty applications. In addition, the company provides technical services for its products. It sells its products under the KRONOS brand through agents and distributors to paint, plastics, decorative laminate, and paper manufacturers. The company was founded in 1916 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas. Kronos Worldwide, Inc. is a subsidiary of Valhi, Inc.;tech
KSS;Kohl's Corporation operates as an omnichannel retailer in the United States. It offers apparel, footwear, accessories, beauty products, and home products through its stores and website. The company provides its products primarily under the brand names of Apt. 9, Croft & Barrow, Jumping Beans, SO, Sonoma Goods for Life, and Tek Gear, as well as LC Lauren Conrad, Nine West, and Simply Vera Vera Wang. Kohl's Corporation was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin.;tech
KT;KT Corporation provides integrated telecommunications and platform services in South Korea, rest of Asia, and internationally. The company offers mobile voice and data telecommunications services based on 5G, 4G LTE and 3G W-CDMA technology; fixed-line telephone services, including local, domestic long-distance, international long-distance, and voice over Internet protocol telephone services, as well as interconnection services; broadband Internet access service and other Internet-related services; and data communication services, such as fixed-line and leased line services, as well as broadband Internet connection services. It also provides media and content services, including IPTV, satellite TV, digital music, e-commerce, online advertising consulting, and web comics and novels services; and credit card processing and other financial services. In addition, the company offers information technology and network services, and satellite services; sells handsets and miscellaneous telecommunications equipment; develops and sells residential units and commercial real estate; and rents real estate properties. Further, it offers public telephone maintenance; security, B2C and B2B, investment fund, software development and data processing, value-added network, call center, system integration and maintenance, marketing, PCS distribution, transportation and trucking arrangement business, cloud system implementation, satellite communication network, installation and management, and data center development and related services. Additionally, the company is involved in the Internet banking ASP and security solutions, residential building development and supply, sports team management, technology business finance, and submarine cable construction and maintenance businesses. The company was formerly known as Korea Telecom Corp. and changed its name to KT Corporation in March 2002. KT Corporation was founded in 1981 and is based in Seoul, South Korea.;tech
KTB;Kontoor Brands, Inc., a lifestyle apparel company, designs, produces, procures, markets, distributes, and licenses denim, apparel, footwear, and accessories, primarily under the Wrangler and Lee brands. The company operates through two segments: Wrangler and Lee. It licenses and sells apparel under the Rock & Republic brand name. The company sells its products primarily through mass merchants, specialty stores, mid-tier and traditional department stores, company-operated stores, and online. It operates in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia-Pacific regions. Kontoor Brands, Inc. was incorporated in 2018 and is headquartered in Greensboro, North Carolina.;tech
KTF;Deutsche Municipal Income Trust is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Deutsche Investment Management Americas, Inc. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund primarily invests in investment-grade tax-exempt municipal securities which are exempt from federal income tax. It seeks to invest in securities that are rated Baa or BBB or better by Moody's or S&P. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Municipal Bond Index. It was formerly known as DWS Municipal Income Trust. Deutsche Municipal Income Trust was formed on October 20, 1988 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
KUKE;Kuke Music Holding Limited provides classical music licensing, subscription, and education services in China. It operates through two segments: Subscription, Licensing and Smart Education Business; and Music Events and Performances, and Other Business. The Subscription, Licensing and Smart Education Business segment distributes commercial copyrights and offers music education solutions. The Music Events and Performances, and Other Business segment provides music festival events and music performance, and promotion and publicity and technical service; and sells musical instruments, including conch smart speakers. It licenses its music content to online music entertainment platforms, such as Tencent Music Entertainment Group and NetEase Cloud Music; digital music service providers, and commercial enterprises, as well as film and TV production companies, airlines, and smart hardware companies. The company serves institutional subscribers, including universities, music conservatories, public libraries, autonomous regions, and municipalities. Kuke Music Holding Limited was founded in 2002 and is headquartered in Beijing, China.;tech
KVUE;Kenvue Inc. operates as a consumer health company in the United States, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia-Pacific, and Latin America. It operates through three segments: Self Care, Skin Health and Beauty, and Essential Health. The Self Care segment offers cough, cold and allergy, pain care, digestive health, smoking cessation, eye care, and other products under the Tylenol, Motrin, Benadryl, Nicorette, Zarbee's, ORSLTM, Rhinocort, Calpol, and Zyrtec brands. Its Skin Health and Beauty segment provides face and body care, hair, sun, and other care products under the Neutrogena, Aveeno, Dr.Ci:Labo, Le Petit Marseillais, Lubriderm, Rogaine, and OGX brand names. The Essential Health segment offers oral and baby, women's health, wound, and other care products under the Listerine, Johnson's, Band-Aid, and Stayfree, o.b., tampons, Carefree, and Desitin Diaper Rash brands. Kenvue Inc. was incorporated in 2022 and is headquartered in Summit, New Jersey.;tech
KVYO;Klaviyo, Inc., a technology company, provides a software-as-a-service platform in the United States, other Americas, the Asia-Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. The company offers Klaviyo, a cloud-native platform for data store, segmentation engine, campaigns and flows, and messaging infrastructure. It also provides email to send personalized marketing emails, including drag-and-drop email templates to edit and customize pre-built templates; email campaigns and automations with smart send time features, generative artificial intelligence for subject line creation, A/B testing tools, and consumer list segmentation; short message services to send targeted marketing text messages to consumers, as well as built-in contact cards to ensure that texts do not appear as random numbers; and push, a personalized push notification to engage with consumers. In addition, the company offers other applications, such as reviews, which collect product reviews; and customer data platform that allows customers to manage, deploy, transform, and sync data. It serves its products to entrepreneurs, small and medium-sized businesses, mid-market businesses, and enterprises. Klaviyo, Inc. was incorporated in 2012 and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts.;tech
KW;Kennedy-Wilson Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a real estate investment company in the United States and Europe. It focuses on investing in the rental housing sector and industrial properties; and originating, managing, and servicing real estate loans primarily senior construction loans secured by multifamily and student housing properties that are being developed by institutional sponsors. The company also invests in the office assets and other investments, including hotel and retail properties. In addition, it is involved in the development, redevelopment, and entitlement projects; and provides investment management platform. Kennedy-Wilson Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1977 and is headquartered in Beverly Hills, California.;tech
L;Loews Corporation, through its subsidiaries, provides commercial property and casualty insurance in the United States and internationally. The company offers specialty insurance products, such as management and professional liability, and other coverage products; surety and fidelity bonds; professional liability coverages and risk management services to various professional firms, including architects, real estate agents, and accounting and law firms; standard and excess property, marine and boiler and machinery coverages, workers' compensation, general and product liability, commercial auto, umbrella, and excess and surplus coverages, and specialized loss-sensitive insurance programs and total risk management services relating to claim and information services; directors and officers, errors and omissions, employment practices, fiduciary, fidelity, and cyber coverages, as well as for small and mid-size firms, public and privately held firms, and not-for-profit organizations; and insurance products to serve the health care industry, including professional and general liability, as well as associated casualty coverage to aging services, allied medical facilities, dentists, physicians, nurses, and other medical practitioners. It also provides warranty and alternative risk and run-off long-term care insurance products. The company markets its insurance products and services through independent agents, brokers, and managing general underwriters. In addition, it engages in the transportation and storage of natural gas and natural gas liquids; and provision of ethane supply and transportation services for industrial customers in Louisiana and Texas, as well as operates a chain of 25 hotels. Further, the company develops, manufactures, and markets a range of extrusion blow-molded and injection molded plastic containers, as well as manufactures commodity and differentiated plastic resins. Loews Corporation was incorporated in 1969 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
LAD;Lithia Motors, Inc. operates as an automotive retailer in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Canada. The company operates in two segments, Vehicle Operations and Financing Operations. It offers a range of products and services fulfilling the entire vehicle ownership lifecycle, including new and used vehicles, financing and insurance products, and aftersales automotive repair and maintenance services. The company provides its products and services through a network of physical locations, e-commerce platforms, captive finance solutions, fleet management offerings, and other synergistic adjacencies Lithia Motors, Inc. was founded in 1946 and is headquartered in Medford, Oregon.;tech
LANV;Lanvin Group Holdings Limited operates as a couture house for men and women in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, North America, Greater China, and other Asian countries. It operates through Lanvin, Wolford, Caruso, St. John, Sergio Rossi, and Other and Holding Companies segments. The company offers ready-to-wear products comprising bodysuits, tops, trousers, dresses, skirts, jumpsuits, jackets, and cardigans; made-to-measure products; footwear, including sneakers; leather goods; costume jewelry; small accessories, such as scarves, hats, belts, ties, sleeve cuffs, caps, gloves, collars, care masks, silk and handbags, and other item; eyewear; childrenswear; legwear, including stockings, socks, and leggings; lingerie, beachwear, and athleisure wear; outerwear, knits, shirts, and bottoms; gowns, suiting, cocktail dresses, and separates; and leisurewear and formalwear. It sells its products under the Lanvin, Wolford, Sergio Rossi, St. John, and Caruso brands. The company was founded in 1889 and is based in Shanghai, China. Lanvin Group Holdings Limited is a subsidiary of Fosun International Limited.;tech
LAW;CS Disco, Inc. provides cloud-native and artificial intelligence-powered legal products for legal hold, legal request, ediscovery, legal document review, and case management in the United States and internationally. The company offers DISCO Hold which automates the manual work to comply with preservation requirements, preserve data, notify custodians, track holds with audit trail, and collect data; DISCO Request that automates response compliance for legal requests, such as service of process requests, subpoenas, and law enforcement requests;and DISCO Ediscovery which automates ediscovery process and saving legal departments from manual tasks associated with collecting, processing, enriching, searching, reviewing, analyzing, producing, and using enterprise data that is at issue in legal matters. It also provides DISCO Review, an AI-powered document review that delivers legal document reviews; and DISCO Case Builder that allows legal professionals to collaborate across teams by offering a single place to search, organize, and review witness testimony and other important legal data. The company's products are used for various legal matters comprising litigation, investigation, compliance, and diligence. It serves enterprises, law firms, legal services providers, and governments. CS Disco, Inc. was founded in 2012 and is headquartered in Austin, Texas.;tech
LAZ;Lazard, Inc. operates as a financial advisory and asset management firm in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. The company operates in two segments, Financial Advisory and Asset Management. The Financial Advisory segment offers financial advisory services, such as mergers and acquisitions, capital markets, shareholder, sovereign, geopolitical, and other strategic advisory services, as well as restructuring and liability management, and capital raising and placement services. This segment offers its services to corporate, partnership, institutional, government, sovereign, and individual clients to various industry areas, including consumers and retail; financial institutions; financial sponsors; healthcare and life sciences; industrials; media, entertainment, and sports; power, energy, and infrastructure; real estate; technology; and telecom and digital infrastructure. The Asset Management segment offers a range of investment solutions; investment and wealth management services in equity and fixed income strategies; asset allocation strategies; and alternative investments and private equity funds to corporations, public funds, sovereign entities, endowments and foundations, labor funds, financial intermediaries, and private clients. Lazard, Inc. was incorporated in 1848 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
LB;LandBridge Company LLC, together with its subsidiaries, owns and manages land and resources to support and enhance oil and natural gas development in the United States. It owns surface acres in and around the Delaware Basin in Texas and New Mexico. The company holds a portfolio of oil and gas royalties. It sells brackish water and other surface composite materials. The company was founded in 2021 and is based in Houston, Texas. LandBridge Company LLC operates as a subsidiary of LandBridge Holdings LLC.;tech
LBRT;Liberty Energy Inc. provides hydraulic fracturing services and related technologies to onshore oil and natural gas exploration, and production companies in North America. The company offers wireline services, proppant delivery solutions, field gas processing and treating, compressed natural gas (CNG) delivery, data analytics, related goods comprising sand mine operations, and technologies; and well site fueling and logistics. As of as of December 31, 2024, the company owned and operated a fleet of approximately 40 active hydraulic fracturing; and two sand mines in the Permian Basin. In addition, the company provides services primarily in the Permian Basin, the Williston Basin, the Eagle Ford Shale, the Haynesville Shale, the Eagle Ford Shale, the Denver-Julesburg Basin, the Western Canadian Sedimentary Basin, the Powder River Basin the Appalachian Basin (Marcellus Shale and Utica Shale), the Anadarko Basin, the Uinta Basin, the San Juan Basin, and the Beetaloo Basin. Liberty Energy Inc. was formerly known as Liberty Oilfield Services Inc. and changed its name to Liberty Energy Inc. in April 2022. The company was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Denver, Colorado.;tech
LC;LendingClub Corporation, operates as a bank holding company, that provides range of financial products and services in the United States. It offers deposit products, including savings accounts, checking accounts, and certificates of deposit. The company also provides loan products, such as consumer loans comprising unsecured personal loans, secured auto refinance loans, and patient and education finance loans; and commercial loans, including small business loans. In addition, it operates a lending marketplace platform. The company was incorporated in 2006 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
LCII;LCI Industries, together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and supplies engineered components for the manufacturers of recreational vehicles (RVs) and adjacent industries in the United States and internationally. It operates through two segments, Original Equipment Manufacturers (OEM) and Aftermarket. The OEM segment manufactures and distributes a range of engineered components, such as steel chassis, axles, anti-lock braking systems, and suspension systems; manual, electric, and hydraulic stabilizer and leveling systems; awnings, slide-out mechanisms, and accessories; vinyl, aluminum, and frameless windows; entry, luggage, patio, and ramp doors; electric and manual entry steps; thermoformed bath and kitchen products; furniture, mattresses, tankless water heaters, air conditioners, appliances, electronic components, televisions, and sound systems; windshields; and hitches, pin boxes, grill guards, towing electrical, and towing and truck accessories. This segment serves OEMs of RVs and adjacent industries, including boats, buses, cargo and utility trailers used to haul boats, livestock, equipment, and other cargo; trucks; trains; manufactured homes; and modular housing. The Aftermarket segment supplies engineered components to aftermarket channels of the recreation and transportation markets for retail dealers, wholesale distributors, and service centers, as well as direct-to-consumer sales through online platforms. This segment also sells replacement glass and awnings to fulfill insurance claims; and biminis, covers, buoys, fenders, towing products, truck accessories, appliances, air conditioners, televisions, sound systems, and tankless water heaters. The company was formerly known as Drew Industries Incorporated and changed its name to LCI Industries in December 2016. LCI Industries was founded in 1956 and is headquartered in Elkhart, Indiana.;tech
LDOS;Leidos Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides services and solutions for government and commercial customers in the United States and internationally. The National Security & Digital segment provides national security software; services by using artificial intelligence and machine learning to coordinate sea, ground, air, and space to help warfighters; offensive, defensive, and physical cyber operation solutions; intelligence analysis, operational support, logistics operations, security, linguistics, force production, biometrics, chemical, biological, radiological, nuclear, and explosives, energetics, training, and IT services and solutions; and Digital Modernization and transformation services. The Health & Civil segment offers air traffic control systems; health mission software; managed health services; site-wide infrastructure management and operation; product and logistical support services; and life science research and development support services. The Commercial & International segment provides power grid engineering and design, grid modernization, utility planning and consulting, energy management and efficiency, technical and financial consulting, and software and application development; people scanners, computed tomography carry-on baggage scanners, checked baggage scanners, and explosive trace detectors; mobile non-intrusive inspection systems; open-architecture platform that transforms airport security by integrating disparate devices and technologies into a unified management system; biometric and smart border protection systems; IT service management and transformation programs; and aerial border surveillance and search-and-rescue operation services. The Defense Systems segment offers airborne, air and missile defense, maritime, aerospace, and cyber and threat systems. Leidos Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1969 and is headquartered in Reston, Virginia.;tech
LDP;Cohen & Steers Limited Duration Preferred and Income Fund, Inc. is a closed-ended fixed income fund launched by Cohen & Steers, Inc. The fund is managed by Cohen & Steers Capital Management, Inc. It invests in fixed income markets across the globe. The fund uses derivatives like interest rate swaps to make its investments. It seeks to invest in companies that are operating across financial sectors including banks, diversified financials, real estate, and insurance industries. The fund primarily invests in floating-rate and fixed-to-floating-rate preferred securities, preferred securities, traditional preferred securities, hybrid-preferred securities, debt securities, and convertible securities. It employs fundamental analysis, with a focus on issuers' creditworthiness, and prevailing market factors to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the BofA Merrill Lynch Capital Securities Index and a composite benchmark of 75% BofA Merrill Lynch Capital Securities Index and 25% BofA Merrill Lynch 7% Constrained Adjustable Rate Preferred Securities Index. Cohen & Steers Limited Duration Preferred and Income Fund, Inc. fund was formed on May 1, 2012 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
LEA;Lear Corporation designs, develops, engineers, manufactures, assembles, and supplies automotive seating, and electrical distribution systems and related components for automotive original equipment manufacturers in North America, Europe, Africa, Asia, and South America. Its Seating segment offers seat systems, seat subsystems, keyseat components, seat trim covers, seat mechanisms, seat foams, and headrests, as well as surface materials, such as leather and fabric for automobiles and light trucks, compact cars, pick-up trucks, and sport utility vehicles. The company's E-Systems segment provides electrical distribution and connection systems that route electrical signals and networks; and manage electrical power within the vehicle for various powertrains. This segment's products comprise wire harnesses, terminals and connectors, engineered components, and junction boxes; electronic system products, including body domain control modules, smart and passive junction boxes, gateway and communication modules, integrated power modules, and high voltage switching and power control systems. It also offers software and connected services comprising Xevo Market, an in-vehicle commerce and service platform; and software and services for the cloud, vehicles, and mobile devices. In addition, this segment provides cybersecurity software; advanced vehicle positioning for automated and autonomous driving applications; and short-range communication and cellular protocols for vehicle connectivity. It offers its products and services under the XEVO, GUILFORD, EAGLE OTTAWA, ConfigurE+, INTUTM, LEAR CONNEXUSTM, EXO, JOURNEYWARE, ProTec, SMART JUNCTION BOX, STRUCSURE, AVENTINO, and TeXstyle brands. Lear Corporation was founded in 1917 and is headquartered in Southfield, Michigan.;tech
LEG;Leggett & Platt, Incorporated designs, manufactures, and sells engineered components and products in the United States, Europe, China, Canada, Mexico, and internationally. The company offers steel rod, drawn wire, innersprings, specialty foam chemicals and additives, for use in bedding and furniture, semi-finished mattresses, private label finished mattresses, pillows and toppers, static foundations, adjustable beds, machines to produce innersprings, industrial sewing and quilting machines, and mattress-packaging and glue-drying equipment to industrial users of steel rod and wire, manufacturers of finished bedding, bedding brands and mattress retailers, e-commerce retailers, big box retailers, department stores, and home improvement centers. It also provides mechanical and pneumatic lumbar support and massage systems for automotive seating, seat suspension systems, motors and actuators, and cables; titanium, nickel, and stainless-steel tubing, formed tubes, tube assemblies, and flexible joint components for fluid conveyance systems; and engineered hydraulic cylinders to automobile original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and suppliers, aerospace OEMs and suppliers, and mobile equipment OEMs. In addition, the company offers steel mechanisms and motion hardware; springs and seat suspensions; components and private label finished goods for soft seating; bases, columns, back rests, casters, and frames for office chairs and control devices; and carpet cushion and hard surface flooring underlayment, structural fabrics, and geo components for manufacturers of upholstered and office furniture, flooring retailers and distributors, contractors, landscapers, road construction companies, retailers, government agencies, mattress and furniture producers, and manufacturers of draperies, specialty packaging, filtration, and automotive upholstery. Leggett & Platt, Incorporated was founded in 1883 and is based in Carthage, Missouri.;tech
LEN;Lennar Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a homebuilder primarily under the Lennar brand in the United States. It operates through Homebuilding East, Homebuilding Central, Homebuilding Texas, Homebuilding West, Financial Services, Multifamily, and Lennar Other segments. The company's homebuilding operations include the construction and sale of single-family attached and detached homes, as well as the purchase, development, and sale of residential land; and development, construction, and management of multifamily rental properties. It also offers residential mortgage financing, title, insurance, and closing services for home buyers and others, as well as originates and sells securitization commercial mortgage loans. In addition, the company is involved in the fund investment activity. It primarily serves first-time, move-up, active adult, and luxury homebuyers. The company was founded in 1954 and is based in Miami, Florida.;tech
LEVI;Levi Strauss & Co. designs, markets, and sells apparels and related accessories for men, women, and children in the United States and internationally. The company offers jeans, casual and dress pants, activewears, tops, shorts, skirts, dresses, jumpsuits, shirts, sweaters, jackets, footwear, and related accessories under the Levi's, Dockers, Signature by Levi Strauss & Co., Denizen, and Beyond Yoga brands. It also licenses Levi's and Dockers trademarks for various product categories, including footwear, belts, wallets, bags, outerwear, sweaters, dress shirts, kids wear, sleepwear, and hosiery. In addition, the company sells its products through third-party retailers, such as department stores, specialty retailers, third-party e-commerce sites, and franchisees; and directly to consumers through various formats, including company-operated mainline and outlet stores, company-operated e-commerce sites, and select shop-in-shops located in department stores and other third-party retail locations. Further, the company operates brand-dedicated stores and shop-in-shops. Levi Strauss & Co. was founded in 1853 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
LGI;Lazard Global Total Return and Income Fund, Inc. is a closed ended balanced mutual fund launched and managed by Lazard Asset Management LLC. It invests in public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. The fund primarily invests in stocks of companies with market capitalization over $5 billion. It makes its fixed income investments in short duration market forward currency contracts and other market debt instruments. The fund typically employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach using its global equity strategy and emerging income strategy to create its portfolio. It considers factors like financial condition, cash flows, strong balance sheets, sustainability of returns, quality of management, competitive position, sensitivity to economic and market cycles, margin and sales trends, brand name strength, geographical breakdown, and macro environment for selecting individual securities. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the MSCI World Index. Lazard Global Total Return and Income Fund, Inc. was formed on January 27, 2004 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
LH;Labcorp Holdings Inc. provides laboratory services. It operates through two segments, Diagnostics Laboratories and Biopharma Laboratory Services. The company offers various tests, such as blood chemistry analyses, urinalyses, blood cell counts, thyroid, PAP, hemoglobin A1C, prostate-specific antigens, sexually transmitted diseases, hepatitis C, vitamin D, microbiology cultures and procedures, and alcohol and other substance-abuse tests. It also provides specialty testing services comprising gene-based and esoteric testing; advanced tests target specific diseases; services related to anatomic pathology/oncology, cardiovascular disease, coagulation, diagnostic genetics, endocrinology, infectious disease, women's health, pharmacogenetics, parentage and donor testing, occupational testing services, medical drug monitoring services, chronic disease programs, and kidney stone prevention tests; and health and wellness services to employers and managed care organizations (MCOs). In addition, the company offers online and mobile applications that enable patients to check offerings, schedule PSC visits, check-in upon PSC arrival, complete documentation, access tests and test results, and manage their accounts; online applications for providers, MCOs, and accountable care organizations; specimen collection services; and drug development, medical device, and companion diagnostic development solutions, as well as support for crop protection and chemical testing. It serves pharmaceutical, biotechnology, medical device, and diagnostics companies; and MCOs, employer plans, other health insurance providers, governments, physician, large provider organizations, other healthcare providers, hospitals and health systems, patients and consumers, crop protection and chemical companies, academic institutions, independent clinical laboratories, and retailers. The company was founded in 1995 is headquartered in Burlington, North Carolina.;tech
LHX;L3Harris Technologies, Inc. provides mission-critical solutions for government and commercial customers worldwide. It operates through Space & Airborne Systems (SAS), Integrated Mission Systems (IMS), Communication Systems (CS), and Aerojet Rocketdyne (AR) segments. The SAS segment provides satellite space payloads, sensors, and full-mission solutions; classified intelligence and cyber; airborne combat systems; and mission networks for air traffic management operations. The IMS segment offers intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR) systems; passive sensing and targeting; electronic attack platforms; autonomy; power and communications; networks; and sensors. The CS segment provides tactical radios, software, waveforms, satellite terminals, and end-to-end battlefield systems for the U.S. Department of Defense, international, federal, and state agency customers; broadband communications; integrated vision solutions, including helmet-mounted integrated night vision goggles with image intensifier tubes and weapon-mounted sights, aiming lasers, and range finders; and public safety radios, and system applications and equipment. The AR segment offers propulsion technologies and armament systems for strategic defense, missile defense, hypersonic, and tactical systems; and space propulsion and power systems for national security space and exploration missions. The company was formerly known as Harris Corporation and changed its name to L3Harris Technologies, Inc. in June 2019. L3Harris Technologies, Inc. was founded in 1895 and is based in Melbourne, Florida.;tech
LII;Lennox International Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and markets products for the heating, ventilation, air conditioning, and refrigeration markets in the United States, Canada, and internationally. The Home Comfort Solutions segment provides furnaces, air conditioners, heat pumps, packaged heating and cooling systems, indoor air quality equipment, comfort control products, and replacement parts and supplies; residential heating, ventilation, cooling equipment, and air conditioning; and evaporator coils and unit heaters under Lennox, Dave Lennox Signature Collection, Armstrong Air, Ducane, AirEase, Concord, MagicPak, Advanced Distributor Products, Allied, Elite Series, Merit Series, Comfort Sync, Healthy Climate, iComfort, ComfortSense, and Lennox Stores name. The Building Climate Solutions segment offers unitary heating and air conditioning equipment, applied systems, controls, installation and service of commercial heating and cooling equipment, variable refrigerant flow commercial, curb, curb adapters, drop box diffusers, HVAC recycling, and salvage service. This segment also provides condensing units, unit coolers, fluid coolers, air cooled condensers, air handlers, and refrigeration rack systems for preserving food and other perishables; and compressor racks and industrial process chillers under the Lennox, Model L, CORE, Enlight, Xion, Energence, Prodigy, Strategos, Raider, Lennox VRF, Lennox National Account Services, Allied Commercial, Elite, AES Industries, Mechanical, and Reclaim, Heatcraft Worldwide and Chandler Refrigeration, Bohn, MAGNA, Larkin, Climate Control, Chandler Refrigeration, IntelliGen, and Interlink brand name. In addition, the company provides small package units, rooftop units, chillers, air handlers, and fan coils. It sells its products and services through direct sales, distributors, and company-owned parts and supplies stores. The company was founded in 1895 and is headquartered in Richardson, Texas.;tech
LITB;LightInTheBox Holding Co., Ltd., an online retail company, provides various lifestyle products directly to consumers in Europe, North America, and internationally. The company sells apparel and other general merchandise products; and focuses on the apparel design activities. It also offers logistics services. The company provides its products through its websites, other online platforms, and mobile applications to third-party sellers, companies, and individual customers. LightInTheBox Holding Co., Ltd. was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Singapore.;tech
LLY;Eli Lilly and Company discovers, develops, and markets human pharmaceuticals in the United States, Europe, China, Japan, and internationally. The company offers Basaglar, Humalog, Humalog Mix 75/25, Humalog U-100, Humalog U-200, Humalog Mix 50/50, insulin lispro, insulin lispro protamine, insulin lispro mix 75/25, Humulin, Humulin 70/30, Humulin N, Humulin R, and Humulin U-500 for diabetes; Jardiance, Mounjaro, and Trulicity for type 2 diabetes; and Zepbound for obesity. It also provides oncology products, including Alimta, Cyramza, Erbitux, Jaypirca, Retevmo, Tyvyt, and Verzenio. In addition, the company offers Olumiant for rheumatoid arthritis, atopic dermatitis, severe alopecia areata, and COVID-19; Taltz for plaque psoriasis, psoriatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and non-radiographic axial spondylarthritis; Omvoh for ulcerative colitis; Cymbalta for depressive disorder, diabetic peripheral neuropathic pain, generalized anxiety disorder, fibromyalgia, and chronic musculoskeletal pain; Ebglyss for severe atopic dermatitis; and Emgality for migraine prevention and episodic cluster headache. It has collaborations with Incyte Corporation; Boehringer Ingelheim Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd and Genentech, Inc.; Biologics, Inc., AbCellera Biologics Inc.; Verge Genomics; collaboration with AdvanCell to advance novel targeted alpha therapies for the treatment of cancer; and Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd, as well as Strategic Collaboration with Eli Lilly to advance development of its myeloid engager platform for autoimmune disease. Eli Lilly and Company was founded in 1876 and is headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana.;tech
LMT;Lockheed Martin Corporation, an aerospace and defense company, engages in the research, design, development, manufacture, integration, and sustainment of technology systems, products, and services worldwide. The company operates through four segments: Aeronautics; Missiles and Fire Control (MFC); Rotary and Mission Systems (RMS); and Space. The Aeronautics segment offers combat and air mobility aircraft, unmanned air vehicles, and related technologies. The MFC segment provides air and missile defense systems; tactical missiles and precision strike weapon systems; logistics; fire control systems; mission operations support, readiness, engineering support, and integration services; ground vehicles; and energy management solutions. The RMS segment offers military and commercial helicopters, surface ships, sea and land-based missile defense systems, radar and laser systems, sea and air-based mission and combat systems, command and control mission solutions, cyber solutions, simulation and training solutions, and services and supports surface ships. The Space segment provides satellites; space transportation systems; strategic, advanced strike, and defensive systems; and classified systems and services in support of national security systems. This segment also provides network-enabled situational awareness and integrates space and ground global systems to help its customers gather, analyze, and securely distribute critical intelligence data. It serves primarily serves the U.S. government and international customers, as well as foreign military sales contracted through the U.S. government. The company was formerly known as The Lockheed Corporation and changed its name to Lockheed Martin Corporation in March 1995. Lockheed Martin Corporation was founded in 1912 and is based in Bethesda, Maryland.;tech
LNC;Lincoln National Corporation, through its subsidiaries, operates multiple insurance and retirement businesses in the United States. It operates through four segments: Life Insurance, Annuities, Group Protection, and Retirement Plan Services. The Life Insurance segment provides life insurance products, including term insurance, universal life insurance (UL), indexed universal life insurance, variable universal life insurance (VUL), linked-benefit UL and VUL products, and critical illness and long-term care riders. Its Annuities segment offers variable, fixed, and registered index-linked annuities. The Group Protection segment offers group non-medical insurance products consisting of short and long-term disability and statutory disability; paid family medical leave administration and absence management services; term life; dental and vision; and accident, critical illness, and hospital indemnity benefits and services to the employer marketplace through various forms of employee-paid and employer-paid plans. Its Retirement Plan Services segment provides employers with retirement plan products and services primarily in the defined contribution retirement plan marketplace; individual and group variable annuities, group fixed annuities, and mutual fund-based programs; and various plan services, including plan recordkeeping, compliance testing, participant education, and trust and custodial services. It distributes its products through consultants, brokers, planners, agents, financial advisors, third-party administrators, financial institutions, and other intermediaries. Lincoln National Corporation was founded in 1905 and is headquartered in Radnor, Pennsylvania.;tech
LND;BrasilAgro - Companhia Brasileira de Propriedades Agrícolas engages in the acquisition, development, exploration, and sale of agricultural activities in Brazil, Paraguay, and Bolivia. It operates through six segments: Real Estate, Grains, Sugarcane, Cattle Raising, Cotton, and Other. The company is involved in the cultivation of soybean, corn, sugarcane, sesame, sorghum, bean, and cotton lint and seed, as well as pasture; and production and sale of beef calves after weaning. It also engages in exploration, import, and export of agricultural activities and inputs, cattle raising, livestock, and forestry activities; and purchases, sells, and rents real estate in rural and/or urban properties. In addition, the company provides real estate brokerage services; manages third-party assets; and operates farms through own and leased lands. BrasilAgro - Companhia Brasileira de Propriedades Agrícolas was incorporated in 2005 and is headquartered in São Paulo, Brazil.;tech
LNG;Cheniere Energy, Inc., an energy infrastructure company, primarily engages in the liquefied natural gas (LNG) related businesses in the United States. The company owns and operates the Sabine Pass LNG terminal in Cameron Parish, Louisiana; and the Corpus Christi LNG terminal near Corpus Christi, Texas. It also owns and operates the Creole Trail pipeline, a 94-mile natural gas supply pipeline that interconnects the Sabine Pass LNG Terminal with several interstate and intrastate pipelines; and the Corpus Christi pipeline, a 21-mile natural gas supply pipeline that interconnects the Corpus Christi LNG terminal with interstate and intrastate natural gas pipelines. In addition, the company engages in the LNG and natural gas marketing business. Cheniere Energy, Inc. was incorporated in 1983 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
LNN;Lindsay Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides water management and road infrastructure products and services in the United States and internationally. It operates in two segments, Irrigation and Infrastructure. The Irrigation segment manufactures and markets center pivot, lateral move irrigation systems, and irrigation controls under the Zimmatic brand; hose reel travelers under the Perrot brand; and chemical injection systems, variable rate irrigation systems, flow meters, weather stations, soil moisture sensors, and remote monitoring and control systems. It also offers repair and replacement parts for its irrigation systems and controls, and diameter steel tubing; global positioning system positioning and guidance, variable rate irrigation, wireless irrigation management, and irrigation scheduling technology solutions; and industrial Internet of Things technology solutions, data acquisition and management systems, and custom electronic equipment for applications under the Elecsys brand. The Infrastructure segment provides Road Zipper System comprised of T-shaped concrete and steel barriers, barrier transfer machine, and variable length barriers, which are used for highway reconstruction, paving and resurfacing, road widening, median and shoulder construction, and repairs to tunnels and bridges. This segment also offers redirective and non-redirective crash cushions to enhance highway safety at locations such as toll booths, freeway off-ramps, medians and roadside barrier ends, bridge supports, utility poles, and other fixed roadway hazards; specialty barriers; preformed tape and road safety accessory products, as well as rail products, such as signals and lights, structures, foundations, junction boxes, and signs. Lindsay Corporation was founded in 1955 and is headquartered in Omaha, Nebraska.;tech
LOAR;Loar Holdings Inc., through its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and markets aerospace and defense components for aircraft, and aerospace and defense systems in the United States and internationally. The company offers airframe components, structural components, avionics, composites, braking system components, de-ice and ice protection, electro-mechanical, engineered materials, flight controls, fluid and motion controls, environmental, metal forming, molded components, and restraints and safety devices. It also provides auto throttles, lap-belt airbags, two-and three-point seat belts, water purification systems, fire barriers, polyimide washers and bushings, latches, hold-open and tie rods, temperature and fluid sensors and switches, carbon and metallic brake discs, fluid and pneumatic-based ice protection, RAM air components, sealing solutions, motion and actuation devices, edge-lighted panels and knobs, and annunciators for incandescent and LED illuminated pushbutton switches, and others. The company primarily serves commercial, business jet and general aviation, and defense markets. Loar Holdings Inc. was incorporated in 2017 and is headquartered in White Plains, New York.;tech
LOB;Live Oak Bancshares, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for Live Oak Banking Company that provides various banking products and services in the United States. It operates through two segments: Banking and Fintech. The company accepts various deposit products, including noninterest-bearing demand, as well as interest-bearing checking, money market, savings, and time deposits. It also provides commercial and industrial loans; construction and development loans; owner occupied and non-owner occupied collateral commercial real estate loans; and commercial land loans. In addition, the company offers settlement, accounting, and securitization services for government guaranteed loans; financing for renewable energy application industry; wealth and investment management services to high-net-worth individuals and families; and investment advisory services to a series of funds focused on providing venture capital to new and emerging financial technology companies. Live Oak Bancshares, Inc. was incorporated in 2008 and is headquartered in Wilmington, North Carolina.;tech
LOCL;Local Bounti Corporation produces and sells fresh greens in the United States. The company offers lettuce, arugula, spinach, basil, herbs, berries, and loose-leaf lettuce. It sells its products to food retailers and food service distributors. The company was founded in 2018 and is headquartered in Hamilton, Montana.;tech
LOMA;Loma Negra Compañía Industrial Argentina Sociedad Anónima, together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells cement and its derivatives in Argentina. The company operates through Cement, Masonry Cement, and Lime; Concrete; Rail services; Aggregates; and Others segments. It offers masonry cement, aggregates, ready-mix concrete, concrete, and lime to wholesale distributors, concrete producers, industrial customers, and others. The company also provides rail transportation services; and treats and recycles industrial waste for use as fuel and raw material. It markets its products under the Loma Negra, San Martín, Plasticor, Cacique Plus, Cacique Max, Loma Negra Plus, and Lomax brands. The company was incorporated in 1926 and is based in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Loma Negra Compañía Industrial Argentina Sociedad Anónima operates as a subsidiary of Intercement Trading E Inversiones Argentina Sociedad Limitada.;tech
LOW;Lowe's Companies, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a home improvement retailer in the United States. It provides a line of products for construction, maintenance, repair, remodeling, and decorating. The company also offers home improvement products, such as appliances, seasonal and outdoor living, lumber, lawn and garden, kitchens and bath, hardware, building materials, millwork, paint, rough plumbing, tools, electrical, flooring, and décor. In addition, it offers installation services through independent contractors in various product categories; and extended protection plans and repair services. The company sells its national brand-name merchandise and private brand products to professional customers, individual homeowners, and renters. The company also sells its products through Lowes.com website, as well as through mobile applications. Further, it provides design, distribution, and installation services for interior surface finishes to home builders and property managers. Lowe's Companies, Inc. was founded in 1921 and is based in Mooresville, North Carolina.;tech
LPL;LG Display Co., Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the manufacture and sale of thin-film transistor liquid crystal display (TFT-LCD) and organic light-emitting diode (OLED) technology-based display panels in Korea, China, rest of Asia, the Americas, Poland, and rest of Europe. The company offers its products primarily used in televisions, notebook computers, desktop monitors, tablet computers, mobile devices, and automotive displays. It also provides display panels for industrial and other applications, including entertainment systems and medical diagnostic equipment. In addition, the company provides janitorial and business facility maintenance services; invests in venture business and technologies; and manages intellectual property, as well as produces and sells LCD modules and monitor sets. The company was formerly known as LG.Philips LCD Co., Ltd. and changed its name to LG Display Co., Ltd. in March 2008. LG Display Co., Ltd. was incorporated in 1985 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.;tech
LPX;Louisiana-Pacific Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides building solutions for applications in new home construction, repair and remodeling, and outdoor structure markets. It operates through three segments: Siding, Oriented Strand Board (OSB), and LP South America (LPSA). The Siding segment consists of a portfolio of engineered wood siding, trim, soffit, and fascia products, including LP SmartSide trim and siding, LP SmartSide ExpertFinish trim and siding, LP BuilderSeries lap siding, and LP outdoor building solutions. The OSB segment manufactures and distributes OSB structural panel products, including the value-added OSB product portfolio comprising LP Structural Solutions, which includes LP TechShield radiant barriers, LP WeatherLogic air and water barriers, LP Legacy premium sub-floorings, LP NovaCore thermal insulated sheathing, LP FlameBlock fire-rated sheathing, and LP TopNotch 350 durable sub-flooring. The LPSA segment manufactures and distributes OSB structural panel and siding solutions. This segment distributes and sells a variety of companion products for the region's transition to wood frame construction. The company sells its products primarily to retailers, wholesalers, home building, and industrial businesses in North America, South America, Asia, Australia, and Europe. Louisiana-Pacific Corporation was incorporated in 1972 and is headquartered in Nashville, Tennessee.;tech
LRN;Stride, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides proprietary and third-party online curriculum, software systems, and educational services in the United States and internationally. Its technology-based products and services enable clients to attract, enroll, educate, track progress, support, and facilitate individualized learning for students. The company offers integrated package of systems, services, products, and professional expertise to support a virtual or blended public school; learning software and support services to schools and school districts; individual online courses and supplemental educational products; and products and services for the general education market focused on subjects, including math, English, science, and history for kindergarten through twelfth grade students. It also provides career learning products and services that are focused on developing skills to enter in industries, including information technology, health care, and business; and operates tuition-based private schools. In addition, the company offers focused post-secondary career learning programs, which include skills training for software engineering, healthcare, and medical fields to adult learners under Galvanize, Tech Elevator, and MedCerts brands, as well as provides staffing and talent development services to employers. It serves public and private schools, school districts, charter boards, consumers, employers, and government agencies. The company was formerly known as K12 Inc. and changed its name to Stride, Inc. in December 2020. Stride, Inc. was incorporated in 1999 and is headquartered in Reston, Virginia.;tech
LSPD;Lightspeed Commerce Inc. engages in sale of cloud-based software subscriptions and payments solutions for single and multi-location retailers, restaurants, golf course operators, and other businesses. It offers a cloud-based commerce platform that connects suppliers, merchants, and consumers to enable omnichannel experiences and engage with consumers, manage operations, accept payments, and grow business. The company's cloud platform is designed around interrelated elements, such as omni-channel consumer experience, a comprehensive back-office operations management suite to improve customers' efficiency and insight, and the facilitation of payments. Its platform functionalities include full omni-channel capabilities, point of sale (POS), product and menu management, kitchen display system (KDS), employee and inventory management comprising ordering, analytics and reporting, multi-location connectivity, order anywhere and curbside pickup functionality, loyalty, and customer management solutions. The company also offers tailored financial solutions, such as Lightspeed Payments and Lightspeed Capital; Lightspeed Restaurant, a unified hospitality commerce offering; Lightspeed Retail, a retail commerce offering; Lightspeed eCommerce; Lightspeed NuORDER integration to order from various brands; and Tee Sheet Lightspeed Golf for golf course operators to manage tee-time schedules, golf retail POS, and food and beverage POS. In addition, it sells hardware, including tablets, customer facing displays, KDS screens, receipt printers, networking hardware, cash drawers, payment terminals, servers, stands, bar-code scanners, and an assortment of accessories, as well as provides installation and implementation services. The company was formerly known as Lightspeed POS Inc. and changed its name to Lightspeed Commerce Inc. in August 2021. Lightspeed Commerce Inc. was incorporated in 2005 and is headquartered in Montreal, Canada.;tech
LTC;LTC is a real estate investment trust (REIT) focused on seniors housing and health care properties, investing through RIDEA, triple-net leases, joint ventures, and structured finance solutions. The Company's portfolio includes nearly 200 properties across approximately 25 states, operated by 25+ partners. Based on gross real estate investments, assets are evenly balanced between seniors housing and skilled nursing centers.;tech
LTH;Life Time Group Holdings, Inc. provides health, fitness, and wellness experiences to a community of individual members in the United States and Canada. It primarily engages in designing, building, and operating of sports and athletic, professional fitness, family recreation, and spa centers in a resort-like environment in suburban and urban locations of metropolitan areas. The company also offers fitness floors with equipment, locker rooms, group fitness studios and spaces, indoor and outdoor pools and bistros, indoor and outdoor tennis and pickleball courts, basketball courts, LifeSpa, LifeCafe, and childcare and Kids Academy learning spaces. In addition, its Life Time Digital provides live streaming fitness classes, remote goal-based personal training, nutrition and weight loss support, curated award-winning health, and fitness and wellness content. Further, the company offers media, athletic events, and related services. The company was formerly known as LTF Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to Life Time Group Holdings, Inc. in June 21, 2021. Life Time Group Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in Chanhassen, Minnesota.;tech
LTM;LATAM Airlines Group S.A., together with its subsidiaries, provides passenger and cargo air transportation services in Chile, Argentina, Peru, Colombia, Ecuador, Brazil, the United States, other Latin American countries, the Caribbean, Europe, and Oceania. As of December 31, 2024, the company provides passenger transport services to 151 destinations in 27 countries; and operated 347 fleet of aircraft. The company was formerly known as LAN Airlines S.A. and changed its name to LATAM Airlines Group S.A. in June 2012. LATAM Airlines Group S.A. was founded in 1929 and is headquartered in Santiago, Chile.;tech
LU;Lufax Holding Ltd operates as a financial service empowering institution for small and micro businesses in China. The company offers loan products, including general unsecured loans and secured loans, as well as consumer finance loans. It also provides wealth management products, such as asset management plans, mutual fund products, private investment fund products, and trust products. The company was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Shanghai, China.;tech
LUCK;Lucky Strike Entertainment Corporation provides location-based entertainment platforms under the AMF, Bowlero, Lucky Strike, Boomers, and PBA brand names in North America. It also operates bowling, amusements, water parks, and family entertainment centers. The company was formerly known as Bowlero Corp. and changed its name to Lucky Strike Entertainment Corporation in December 2024. Lucky Strike Entertainment Corporation was founded in 1997 and is headquartered in Mechanicsville, Virginia.;tech
LUMN;Lumen Technologies, Inc., a networking company, provides integrated products and services to business and mass customers in the United States and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Business and Mass Markets. It offers dark fiber and conduit, edge cloud, internet protocol (IP), voice over IP, managed security, software-defined wide area networks, unified communications and collaboration, and optical services; ethernet and VPN data networks services; and legacy services to manage cash flow, including time division multiplexing voice and private line; other legacy services, such as Synchronous Optical Network (SONET) based ethernet, legacy data hosting services, and conferencing services; and managed and professional service solutions, as well as sells communications equipment. The company also provides high speed and lower speed broadband service to residential and small business customers; local and long-distance voice services, professional services, and other ancillary services; and federal broadband and state support programs. It serves its products and services under the Lumen, Quantum Fiber, CenturyLink, and Black Lotus Labs brands. The company was formerly known as CenturyLink, Inc. and changed its name to Lumen Technologies, Inc. in September 2020. Lumen Technologies, Inc. was incorporated in 1968 and is headquartered in Monroe, Louisiana.;tech
LUV;Southwest Airlines Co. operates as a passenger airline company that provides scheduled air transportation services in the United States and near-international markets. As of December 31, 2024, the company operated a total fleet of 803 Boeing 737 aircraft; and served 117 destinations in 42 states, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, as well as ten near-international countries, including Mexico, Jamaica, the Bahamas, Aruba, the Dominican Republic, Costa Rica, Belize, Cuba, the Cayman Islands, and Turks and Caicos. It also provides inflight entertainment and connectivity services; and Rapid Rewards loyalty program that enables program members to earn points for dollars spent on Southwest base fares. In addition, the company offers a suite of digital platforms to support customers' travel needs, including websites and apps; and SWABIZ, an online booking tool. Further, it provides ancillary services, such as Southwest's EarlyBird Check-In, upgraded boarding, and transportation of pets and unaccompanied minors. Southwest Airlines Co. was incorporated in 1967 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
LUXE;LuxExperience B.V., through its subsidiary, operates an online shopping platform in Germany, the United States, rest of Europe, and internationally. The company offers womenswear, menswear, kidswear, fine jewelry, watches, and lifestyle products under the Mytheresa, NET-A-PORTER, MR PORTER, YOOX, and the OUTNET brand name. The company was formerly known as MYT Netherlands Parent B.V. and changed its name to LuxExperience B.V. in May 2025. LuxExperience B.V. was founded in 1987 and is based in Munich, Germany.;tech
LVS;Las Vegas Sands Corp., together with its subsidiaries, owns, develops, and operates integrated resorts in Macao and Singapore. The company owns and operates The Venetian Macao Resort Hotel, The Londoner Macao, The Parisian Macao, The Plaza Macao and Four Seasons Hotel Macao, and The Sands Macao in Macao, the People's Republic of China; and Marina Bay Sands in Singapore. Its integrated resorts feature accommodations, gaming, entertainment and retail malls, convention and exhibition facilities, celebrity chef restaurants, and other amenities. The company was founded in 1988 and is based in Las Vegas, Nevada.;tech
LVWR;LiveWire Group, Inc. manufactures and sells electric motorcycles in the United States, Austria, and internationally. It operates in two segments, Electric Motorcycles and STACYC. The company designs and sells electric motorcycles and parts, electric motorcycle parts, electric balance bikes for kids, accessories, and apparel. It sells its products to wholesale, independent dealers, and independent distributors, as well as direct to consumers online. LiveWire Group, Inc. was founded in 2010 and is based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. LiveWire Group, Inc. is a subsidiary of Harley-Davidson, Inc.;tech
LW;Lamb Weston Holdings, Inc. engages in the production, distribution, and marketing of frozen potato products in the United States, Canada, Mexico, and internationally. It offers frozen potatoes, commercial ingredients, and appetizers under the Lamb Weston brand, as well as under various customer labels. The company also provides its products under its owned or licensed brands, such as Grown in Idaho and Alexia, and other licensed brands, as well as under retailers' own brands. It sells its products through a network of internal sales personnel and independent brokers, agents, and distributors to quick service and full-service restaurants and chains, wholesale, grocery, mass merchants, club retailers, and specialty retailers, as well as foodservice distributors and institutions, including businesses, educational institutions, independent restaurants, regional chain restaurants, and convenience stores. Lamb Weston Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in 1950 and is headquartered in Eagle, Idaho.;tech
LXFR;Luxfer Holdings PLC, together with its subsidiaries, provides high-performance materials, components, and high-pressure gas containment devices for defense, first response and healthcare, transportation, and general industrial applications. It operates through three segments: Gas Cylinders, Elektron, and Graphic Arts. The Gas Cylinders segment manufactures and markets specialized highly engineered cylinders using composites and aluminum alloys, including pressurized cylinders for use in various applications, including self-contained breathing apparatus for firefighters, containment of oxygen and other medical gases for healthcare, alternative fuel vehicles, and general industrial applications. The Elektron segment focuses on specialty materials based primarily on magnesium and zirconium. This segment offers advanced lightweight magnesium alloys; magnesium powders for use in countermeasure flares and heater meals; and high-performance zirconium-based materials and oxides used as catalysts, as well as in the manufacture of advances ceramics, fiber-optic fuel cells, and various other performance products. The Graphic Arts segment provides pre-sensitized magnesium and copper and zinc plates along with associated chemicals to produce foil-stamping and embossing dies; and non-sensitized polished brass and magnesium plates for computer numerical control engraving, as well as advises on turnkey engraving operations with etching machines, computer-to-plate machines, exposure units, and film setters. The company operates in the United States, the United Kingdom, Japan, Germany, France, rest of Europe, the Asia Pacific, South and Latin America, Canada, and Brazil. Luxfer Holdings PLC was founded in 1898 and is based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.;tech
LXP;LXP Industrial Trust (NYSE: LXP) is a publicly traded real estate investment trust (REIT) focused on Class A warehouse and distribution investments in 12 target markets across the Sunbelt and lower Midwest. LXP seeks to expand its warehouse and distribution portfolio through acquisitions, build-to-suit transactions, sale-leaseback transactions, development projects and other transactions.;tech
LXU;LSB Industries, Inc. engages in the manufacture, marketing, and sale of chemical products in the United States. The company offers ammonia, fertilizer grade ammonium nitrate, and urea ammonia nitrate for agricultural applications. It also provides high purity and commercial grade ammonia, high purity ammonium nitrate, sulfuric acids, concentrated, blended and regular nitric acid, mixed nitrating acids, carbon dioxide, industrial grade ammonium nitrate, and ammonium nitrate for industrial applications. In addition, the company aqua ammonia, and low-density and high-density ammonium nitrate. Its products are used for various end markets, including semiconductor, nylon, polyurethane, intermediates, ammonium nitrate, metals processing, DoD contractors-armaments, chemical feedstock, emissions, abatement, water treatments, refrigerants, bromine, pulp and paper, water treatment, metals processing, food refrigeration, dry ice, enhanced oil recovery, liquid fertilizer for corn and other crops, pastures and key nitrogen components in nitrogen, phosphorus and potassium fertilizers, as well as explosives for mining, quarries, and other blasting activities. The company sells its products to farmers, ranchers, fertilizer dealers, and distributors primarily in the ranch land and grain production markets, as well as industrial users of acids and explosive manufacturers. LSB Industries, Inc. was founded in 1968 and is headquartered in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.;tech
LYB;LyondellBasell Industries N.V. operates as a chemical company in the United States, Germany, Mexico, Italy, Poland, France, Japan, China, the Netherlands, and internationally. The company operates in six segments: Olefins and PolyolefinsAmericas; Olefins and PolyolefinsEurope, Asia, International; Intermediates and Derivatives; Advanced Polymer Solutions; Refining; and Technology. It produces and markets olefins and co-products, such as ethylene, aromatics, propylene and butadiene; polyolefins; polyethylene; and polypropylene homopolymers and copolymers; and propylene oxide and derivatives; oxyfuels and related products; and intermediate chemicals, such as styrene monomer, acetyls, and ethylene oxide. The company also produces and markets compounding and solutions, including polypropylene compounds, engineered plastics, masterbatches, engineered composites, colors and powders, and advanced polymers, such as catalloy and polybutene-1; and refines heavy, high-sulfur crude oil and other crude oils, as well as refined products, including gasoline and distillates. In addition, it develops and licenses chemical and polyolefin process technologies; manufactures and sells polyolefin catalysts; and serves food packaging, home furnishings, automotive components, and paints and coatings applications. LyondellBasell Industries N.V. was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
LYG;Lloyds Banking Group plc, together with its subsidiaries, provides a range of banking and financial products and services in the United Kingdom and internationally. The company operates through three segments: Retail; Commercial Banking; and Insurance, Pensions and Investments. The Retail segment offers a range of financial service products, including current accounts, savings, mortgages, motor finance, unsecured loans, and leasing solutions, as well as credit cards to personal customers. The Commercial Banking segment provides lending, transactional banking, working capital management, risk management, and debt financing services to small and medium businesses, corporates, and institutions. The Insurance, Pensions and Investments segment offers insurance, investment, and pension management products and services. It also provides digital banking services. The company offers its products and services under the Lloyds Bank, Halifax, Bank of Scotland, Scottish Widows, MBNA, Schroders Personal Wealth, Black Horse, Lex Autolease, Birmingham Midshires, LDC, AMC, Embark Group, Lloyds Living, IWeb, Cavendish Online, HGP, and Tusker brand names. Lloyds Banking Group plc was founded in 1695 and is based in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
LYV;Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. operates as a live entertainment company worldwide. It operates through Concerts, Ticketing, and Sponsorship & Advertising segments. The Concerts segment promotes live music events in its owned or operated venues, and in rented third-party venues. This segment operates and manages music venues; produces music festivals; creates associated content; and offers management and other services to artists. The Ticketing segment manages the ticketing operations, including the provision of ticketing software and services to consumers with marketplace for tickets and event information through mobile apps, other websites, and retail outlets, as well as its websites, such as livenation.com and ticketmaster.com; and provides ticket resale services. This segment offers ticketing services for arenas, stadiums, amphitheaters, music clubs, concert promoters, professional sports franchises and leagues, college sports teams, performing arts venues, museums, and theaters. The Sponsorship & Advertising segment sells international, national, and local sponsorships and placement of advertising, including signage, online advertising, and promotional programs; rich media offering, including advertising related with live streaming and music-related content; and ads through distribution network of venues, events, and websites. This segment also manages the development of strategic sponsorship programs, as well as develops, books, and produces custom events or programs for specific brands. It owns, operates, or leases entertainment venues. The company was formerly known as Live Nation, Inc. and changed its name to Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. in January 2010. Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. was incorporated in 2005 and is based in Beverly Hills, California.;tech
LZB;La-Z-Boy Incorporated manufactures, markets, imports, exports, distributes, and retails upholstery furniture products in the United States, Canada, and internationally. It operates through Wholesale and Retail segments. The Wholesale segment manufactures and imports upholstered furniture, such as recliners and motion furniture, sofas, loveseats, chairs, sectionals, modulars, ottomans, and sleeper sofas; and imports, casegoods (wood) furniture, including bedroom sets, dining room sets, entertainment centers, and occasional pieces. This segment sells its products directly to La-Z-Boy Furniture Galleries stores, operators of La-Z-Boy Comfort Studio and branded space locations, England Custom Comfort Center locations, dealers, and other independent retailers. The Retail segment sells upholstered furniture, casegoods, and other home furnishing accessories to the end consumer through its retail stores network. It licenses La-Z-Boy brand name on various products; and operates Joybird, an e-commerce retailer that manufacturers upholstered furniture, as well as sells to the end consumer primarily online through its www.joybird.com website and small-format stores in urban markets. The company was formerly known as La-Z-Boy Chair Company and changed its name to La-Z-Boy Incorporated in 1996. La-Z-Boy Incorporated was founded in 1927 and is headquartered in Monroe, Michigan.;tech
M;Macy's, Inc., an omni-channel retail organization, operates stores, websites, and mobile applications in the United States. It sells a range of merchandise, such as apparel and accessories for men, women, and kids; cosmetics; home furnishings; and other consumer goods under the Macy's, Bloomingdale's, and Bluemercury brands. The company also operates in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates, and Al Zahra, Kuwait under the license agreements. The company was formerly known as Federated Department Stores, Inc. and changed its name to Macy's, Inc. in June 2007. Macy's, Inc. was founded in 1830 and is based in New York, New York.;tech
MA;Mastercard Incorporated, a technology company, provides transaction processing and other payment-related products and services in the United States and internationally. The company offers integrated products and value-added services for account holders, merchants, financial institutions, digital partners, businesses, governments, and other organizations, such as programs that enable issuers to provide consumers with credits to defer payments; payment products and solutions that allow its customers to access funds in deposit and other accounts; prepaid programs services; consumer bill payment services; and commercial credit, debit, and prepaid payment products and solutions. It also provides solutions that enable businesses or governments to make payments to businesses, including Virtual Card Number, which is generated dynamically from a physical card and leverages the credit limit of the funding account; and a platform to optimize supplier payment enablement campaigns for financial institutions. In addition, the company offers Mastercard Move, which partners with digital messaging and payment platforms to enable consumers to send money directly within applications to other consumers; and partners with central banks, fintechs and financial institutions to help governments and nonprofits, as well as enables various cross-border payment flows. Further, it provides security solutions; personalization, issuer and merchant loyalty, and marketing services; advanced analytics, business intelligence, economic and location-based insights, payments consulting, and operational insights services; processing and gateway solutions; and open banking services. The company offers payment solutions and services under the MasterCard, Maestro, and Cirrus names. Mastercard Incorporated was founded in 1966 and is headquartered in Purchase, New York.;tech
MAA;MAA, an S&P 500 company, is a real estate investment trust (REIT) focused on delivering full-cycle and superior investment performance for shareholders through the ownership, management, acquisition, development and redevelopment of quality apartment communities primarily in the Southeast, Southwest and Mid-Atlantic regions of the United States. As of June 30, 2025, MAA had ownership interest in 104,347 apartment units, including communities currently in development, across 16 states and the District of Columbia.;tech
MAC;Macerich is a fully integrated, self-managed, self-administered real estate investment trust (REIT). As a leading owner, operator, and developer of high-quality retail real estate in densely populated and attractive U.S. markets, Macerich's portfolio is concentrated in California, the Pacific Northwest, Phoenix/Scottsdale, and the Metro New York to Washington, D.C. corridor. Developing and managing properties that serve as community cornerstones, Macerich currently owns 42 million square feet of real estate, consisting primarily of interests in 39 retail centers. Macerich is firmly dedicated to advancing environmental goals, social good, and sound corporate governance. A recognized leader in sustainability, Macerich has achieved a #1 Global Real Estate Sustainability Benchmark (GRESB) ranking for the North American retail sector for ten consecutive years (2015-2024).;tech
MAGN;Magnera Corporation manufactures and sells non-woven and related products worldwide. The company offers a range of material solutions, including components for absorbent hygiene products, protective apparel, wipes, specialty building and construction products, and products serving the food and beverage industry. It provides spunmelt, airlaid, wetlaid, spunlace, spinlace, meltblown, adhesive bond, needlepunch, and through air bonded nonwoven solutions; breathable, elastic, cast, and blown films and laminates; as well as printing capabilities under the Typar, Chicopee, Sontara, Terram, Fabrene, Tubex, and Geca Tapes brand names. The company is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina.;tech
MAIN;Main Street Capital Corporation is a business development company and a small business investment company specializing in direct and indirect investments. In direct investments, the firm specializes in private equity capital to lower middle market companies. The firm specializes in recapitalizations, loan, growth capital, mezzanine debt, corporate carveouts, family estate planning, management buyouts, refinancing, private loan, private credit solutions, senior secured term debt, unintranche term debt, subordinated debt, preferred equity, common equity, minimal or no fixed amortization, split lien term debt, industry consolidation, mature, later stage and emerging growth. The firm makes both control and non-control equity investments. The firm also provides debt capital to middle market companies for strategic acquisitions, management buyouts, growth financings, majority and minority recapitalizations, and refinancing. The firm also makes equity co-investments. The firm provides debt financing solutions for acquisitions, recapitalizations, and refinancing to middle market companies. The firm provides private debt and private equity capital to lower middle market companies and debt capital to middle market companies. The firm seeks to partner with entrepreneurs, business owners and management teams and generally provides "one stop" financing alternatives within its lower middle market portfolio. It prefers to invest in air freight and logistics, auto components, building products, chemicals, commercial services, computers, construction and engineering, consumer finance, consumer services, electronic equipment, energy equipment and services, financial services, health care equipment, health care providers, hotels, restaurants, and leisure, internet software and services, IT Services, machinery, oil, gas and consumable fuels, paper and forest products, professional and industrial services, manufacturing, road and rail, software, specialty retail, telecommunication, consumer discretionary, energy, materials, concrete, plumbing pipes, electrical component, heavy electrical equipment, media, utilities, technology, and transportation. The firm invests in Southwest of the United States of America. The firm typically invests in business services, commercial and professional services, communication services, consumer discretionary, consumer staples, lower middle market companies ranging between $5 million and $125 million in equity investment with annual revenues between $10 million and $150 million and EBITDA in ranging between $3 million and $20 million. The firm typically prefers to invest in the range of $5 million and $150 million per transaction in debt investment value but holds the ability to lead debt financings up to $250 million. For credit solutions, the firm invests between $10 million and $150 million with an EBITDA in the range of $5 million and $75 million. The firm loan portfolio companies generally have annual revenues between $25 million and $500 million. The firm's middle market debt investments are made in businesses that are generally larger in size than its lower middle market portfolio companies. It takes 5 percent minority and up to 50 percent majority equity investments. Main Street Capital Corporation was founded in 2007 and is based in Houston, Texas with an additional offices in Chicago, United States and Chojnów, Poland.;tech
MAN;ManpowerGroup Inc. provides workforce solutions and services under the Talent Solutions, Manpower, and Experis brands worldwide. The company offers recruitment services, including permanent, temporary, and contract recruitment of professionals, as well as administrative, industrial, and information technology professional positions; assessment, upskilling, reskilling, career management, workforce consulting, and training and development services; and outsourcing services related to human resources functions primarily in the areas of large-scale recruiting and workforce-intensive initiatives. It also offers contingent staffing and permanent recruitment services; information technology professional resourcing and project services; and recruitment process outsourcing and management solutions, as well as TAPFIN, a managed service provider solution. The company was founded in 1948 and is headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.;tech
MANU;Manchester United plc, together with its subsidiaries, operates a professional sports team in the United Kingdom. The company is involved in marketing and sponsorship relationships with international and regional companies to commercialize its brand. It also markets and sells sports apparel, training and leisure wear, and other clothing; and other licensed products, such as coffee mugs and bed spreads featuring the Manchester United brand and trademarks. The company distributes these products through Manchester United branded retail centers and e-commerce platforms, and through partners' wholesale distribution channels. In addition, it distributes live football content directly, as well as through commercial partners; television rights relating to the Premier League, Union of European Football Associations club competitions, and other competitions; delivers Manchester United programming through MUTV television channel to territories worldwide; and offers MUTV D2C, a subscription mobile application. Further, it operates Old Trafford, a sports venue, as well as owns or leases, and invests in properties. The company was formerly known as Manchester United Ltd. changed its name to Manchester United plc in August 2012. Manchester United plc was founded in 1878 and is headquartered in Manchester, the United Kingdom.;tech
MAS;Masco Corporation provides home improvement and building products in North America, Europe, and internationally. The company's Plumbing Products segment offers faucets, showerheads, handheld showers, valves, bath hardware and accessories, bathing units, shower bases and enclosures, shower drains, steam shower systems, water filtration systems, and sinks and kitchen accessories; acrylic tubs, bath and shower enclosures, and shower bases and trays; spas, exercise pools, and aquatic fitness systems and saunas; brass, copper, and composite plumbing system component and other non-decorative plumbing products; water products; and thermoplastic products, extruded plastic profiles, and specialized fabrication products, as well as PEX tubing products. This segment provides its products under the DELTA, BRIZO, PEERLESS, HANSGROHE, AXOR, KRAUS, EASY DRAIN, NEWPORT BRASS, GINGER, BRASSTECH, WALTEC, BRISTAN, HERITAGE, MIROLIN, HOT SPRING, CALDERA, FREEFLOW SPAS, FANTASY SPAS, AQUATERRA, LIFESMART, ENDLESS POOLS, TYLO, FINNLEO, HELO, BRASSCRAFT, PLUMBSHOP, and MASTER PLUMBER brands, as well as under private label to home center and online retailers, mass merchandisers, wholesalers and distributors, plumbers, building contractors, remodelers, smaller retailers, and consumers and homebuilders. Its Decorative Architectural Products segment offers paints, primers, specialty coatings, stains, and waterproofing products, as well as paint applicators and accessories; cabinet and door hardware, functional hardware, wall plates, hook and rail, and outdoor living hardware; and decorative bath hardware, shower accessories, mirrors, and shower doors. This segment provides its products under the BEHR, KILZ, WHIZZ, Elder & Jenks, LIBERTY, BRAINERD, and FRANKLIN BRASS brands to home center and other retailers, mass and online retailers, other specialty retailers, and original equipment manufacturers and wholesalers. The company was incorporated in 1929 and is headquartered in Livonia, Michigan.;tech
MATV;Mativ Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells specialty materials in the United States, Europe, the Asia Pacific, the Americas, and internationally. The company operates through two segments, Filtration & Advanced Materials and Sustainable & Adhesive Solutions. The Filtration & Advanced Materials manufactures and sells various engineered polymer, resin and fiber-based substrates, nets, films, adhesive tapes, and other nonwovens for the fi filtration, industrial netting, and protective solutions end markets. The Sustainable & Adhesive Solutions segment offers tapes, labels, and liners that includes substrates for tapes used in building and construction, infrastructure, DIY, athletic, and industrial applications; and substrates critical to protection and adhesive separation applications in the personal care, label, tape, industrial, graphic arts, composites, and medical categories, as well as performance labels and cable wrapping. This segment also provides paper and packaging products comprising premium printing and other specialty papers and packaging applications used for print collateral, advertising, direct mail, sustainable alternatives, product packaging, graphics, wallpaper, and education, as well as consumer office, stationery and craft papers to retailers, small business, personal use, and educational applications; and healthcare and other products, including wound care, consumer wellness, device fixation, medical packaging, as well as various other solutions and applications. It serves tape, release liners, industrials, healthcare, and packaging and specialty papers end markets. The company was formerly known as Schweitzer-Mauduit International, Inc. and changed its name to Mativ Holdings, Inc. in July 2022. Mativ Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in 1995 and is headquartered in Alpharetta, Georgia.;tech
MATX;Matson, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the provision of ocean transportation and logistics services. It operates through two segments, Ocean Transportation and Logistics. The Ocean Transportation segment offers ocean freight transportation services to the domestic non-contiguous economies of Hawaii, Alaska and Guam, and to other island economies in Micronesia. It primarily transports dry containers of mixed commodities, refrigerated commodities, food products, beverages, building materials, automobiles, and household goods; livestock; seafood; general sustenance cargo; and garments, footwear, e-commerce, and other retail merchandise. This segment also operates an expedited service from China to Long Beach, California, and various islands in the South Pacific, as well as Okinawa, Japan; and provides stevedoring, refrigerated cargo services, inland transportation, container equipment maintenance, and other terminal services on the Hawaiian islands of Oahu, Hawaii, Maui, and Kauai, as well as in the Alaska locations of Anchorage, Kodiak, and Dutch Harbor. The Logistics segment provides multimodal transportation brokerage services, including domestic and international rail intermodal, long-haul and regional highway trucking, specialized hauling, flat-bed and project, less-than-truckload, and expedited freight services; less-than-container load consolidation and freight forwarding services; warehousing and distribution services; supply chain management services, and non-vessel operating common carrier freight forwarding services. It serves the U.S. military, freight forwarders, retailers, consumer goods manufacturers, and other customers. The company was formerly known as Alexander & Baldwin Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to Matson, Inc. in June 2012. Matson, Inc. was founded in 1882 and is headquartered in Honolulu, Hawaii.;tech
MAX;MediaAlpha, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates an insurance customer acquisition platform in the United States. Its technology platform offers end customer acquisition for insurance carriers, distributors, and other clients in a range of verticals, including property and casualty insurance, health insurance, and life insurance. The company was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Los Angeles, California.;tech
MBC;MasterBrand, Inc. engages in the manufacture and sale of residential cabinets in the United States and Canada. The company offers a range of residential cabinetry products, such as stock, semi-custom, and premium cabinetry for the kitchen, bathroom, and other parts of the home. It sells its products to remodeling and new construction markets through dealers, retailers, and builders. The company was formerly known as United Cabinet Incorporated. MasterBrand, Inc. was founded in 1954 and is headquartered in Beachwood, Ohio.;tech
MBI;MBIA Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides financial guarantee insurance services to public finance markets in the United States. It operates through United States (U.S.) Public Finance Insurance, corporate, and International and Structured Finance Insurance segments. The company issues financial guarantees for municipal bonds, including tax-exempt and taxable indebtedness of the U.S. political subdivisions, as well as utility districts, airports, health care institutions, higher educational facilities, housing authorities, and other similar agencies and obligations issued by private entities. It also insures the non-U.S. public finance and global structured finance, including asset-backed obligations; and sovereign-related and sub-sovereign bonds, and privately issued bonds used for the financing for utilities, toll roads, bridges, public transportation facilities, and other types of infrastructure projects, as well as offers third-party reinsurance services. MBIA Inc. was founded in 1973 and is headquartered in Purchase, New York.;tech
MCB;Metropolitan Bank Holding Corp. operates as the bank holding company for Metropolitan Commercial Bank that provides a range of business, commercial, and retail banking products and services. The company offers checking, savings, term deposit, money market, non-interest-bearing demand deposit, and other time deposits. It also provides lending products, including commercial real estate; multi-family; construction; one-to four-family real estate loans; commercial and industrial loans; consumer loans, including purchased student loans; acquisition and renovation loans; loans to refinance or return borrower equity; loans on owner-occupied properties; working capital lines of credit; trade finance; letters of credit; and term loans. In addition, the company offers cash management services, as well as online and mobile banking, ACH, remote deposit capture, and debit cards products, as well as merchant services. It serves small businesses, middle-market enterprises, public entities, and individuals. The company was formerly known as Metbank Holding Corp. and changed its name to Metropolitan Bank Holding Corp. in January 2007. Metropolitan Bank Holding Corp. was incorporated in 1997 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
MCD;McDonald's Corporation owns, operates, and franchises restaurants under the McDonald's brand in the United States and internationally. It offers food and beverages, including hamburgers and cheeseburgers, various chicken sandwiches, fries, shakes, desserts, sundaes, soft serve cones, cookies, pies, soft drinks, coffee, and other beverages; and full or limited breakfast, as well as sells various other products during limited-time promotions. The company owns and operates franchised restaurants under various structures, including conventional franchise, developmental license, or affiliate. McDonald's Corporation was founded in 1940 and is based in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
MCK;McKesson Corporation provides healthcare services in the United States and internationally. It operates through four segments: U.S. Pharmaceutical, Prescription Technology Solutions (RxTS), Medical-Surgical Solutions, and International. The U.S. Pharmaceutical segment distributes branded, generic, specialty, biosimilar and over-the-counter pharmaceutical drugs, and other healthcare-related products. This segment also provides practice management, technology, clinical support, and business solutions to community-based oncology and other specialty practices; and consulting, outsourcing, technological, and other services, as well as sells financial, operational, and clinical solutions to pharmacies. The RxTS segment serves biopharma and life sciences partners to address challenges for patients by working across healthcare to connect patients, pharmacies, providers, pharmacy benefit managers, health plans, and biopharma companies to deliver solutions to help people get the medicine needed to live healthier lives; and provides medication access and affordability, prescription decision support, prescription price transparency, benefit insight, dispensing support, third-party logistics, and wholesale distribution support services, as well as electronic prior authorization services. The Medical-Surgical Solutions segment offers medical-surgical supply distribution, logistics, biomedical maintenance, and other services to healthcare providers, including physician offices, surgery centers, nursing homes, post-acute care facilities, hospital reference labs, and home health care agencies. The International segment delivers deliver medicines, supplies, and information technology solutions to retail pharmacies, hospitals, long-term care centers, clinics and institutions; and provides logistics and distribution services for manufacturers. McKesson Corporation was founded in 1833 and is headquartered in Irving, Texas.;tech
MCN;XAI Madison Equity Premium Income Fund is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched by Madison Investment Holdings, Inc. It is managed by Madison Asset Management, LLC. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund primarily invests in reasonably priced growth (GARP) stocks of large and mid-cap companies. It also writes covered call options to make its investments. The fund employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach, focusing on such factors as PEG ratios (price-earnings ratio to growth rate), financial strength, and industry leadership to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the CBOE S&P 500 Buy/Write Index. The fund conducts in-house research to make its investments. It was formerly known as Madison/Claymore Covered Call & Equity Strategy Fund. XAI Madison Equity Premium Income Fund was formed on May 6, 2004 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
MCO;Moody's Corporation operates as an integrated risk assessment firm worldwide. It operates in two segments, Moody's Analytics and Moody's Investors Services. The Moody's Analytics segment develops a range of products and services that support the risk management activities of institutional participants in financial markets. It offers credit research, credit models and analytics, economics data and models, and structured finance solutions; data sets on companies and securities; and SaaS solutions supporting banking, insurance, and know your customer workflows. The Moody's Investors Service segment publishes credit ratings and provides assessment services on various debt obligations, programs and facilities, and entities that issue such obligations, such as various corporate, financial institution, and governmental obligations, as well as structured finance securities. The company was formerly known as Dun and Bradstreet Company and changed its name to Moody's Corporation in September 2000. The company was founded in 1900 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
MCR;MFS Charter Income Trust is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Massachusetts Financial Services Company. The fund invests in the fixed income markets across the globe. It invests primarily in corporate bonds of U.S. or foreign issuers, U.S. Government securities, foreign government securities, mortgage-backed, and other asset-backed securities of U.S. or foreign issuers, or debt instruments of issuers located in emerging market countries. The fund employs a combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis with bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. It seeks to benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against a combination of the Barclays U.S. High-Yield Corporate Bond 2% Issuer Capped Index, MFS Charter Income Trust Blended Index, Barclays U.S. Credit Bond Index, Barclays U.S. Government/Mortgage Bond Index, Citigroup World Government Bond Non-Dollar Hedged Index, and JPMorgan Emerging Markets Bond Index Global. MFS Charter Income Trust was formed on July 20, 1989 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
MCS;The Marcus Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, owns and operates movie theatres, and hotels and resorts in the United States. The company operates a family entertainment center and multiscreen motion picture theatres under the Marcus Theatres, Movie Tavern by Marcus, and BistroPlex brand names. It also owns and operates full-service hotels and resorts, as well as manages full-service hotels, resorts, and other properties. In addition, the company provides hospitality management services, including check-in, housekeeping, and maintenance for a vacation ownership development; manages condominium hotels under long-term management contracts; and commercial laundry services. The Marcus Corporation was founded in 1935 and is headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.;tech
MCY;Mercury General Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, engages in writing personal automobile insurance in the United States. The company also writes homeowners, commercial automobile, commercial property, mechanical protection, and umbrella insurance products. Its automobile insurance products include collision, property damage, bodily injury, comprehensive, personal injury protection, underinsured and uninsured motorist, and other hazards; and homeowners insurance products comprise dwelling, liability, personal property, and other coverages. The company sells its policies through a network of independent agents and insurance agencies, as well as directly through internet sales portals in Arizona, California, Florida, Georgia, Illinois, Nevada, New Jersey, New York, Oklahoma, Texas, and Virginia. Mercury General Corporation was incorporated in 1961 and is headquartered in Los Angeles, California.;tech
MDT;Medtronic plc develops, manufactures, and sells device-based medical therapies to healthcare systems, physicians, clinicians, and patients in the United States, Ireland, and internationally. The Cardiovascular Portfolio segment offers implantable cardiac pacemakers, cardioverter defibrillators, and cardiac resynchronization therapy devices; cardiac ablation products; insertable cardiac monitor systems; TYRX products; and remote monitoring and patient-centered software. It also provides aortic valves, surgical valve replacement and repair products, endovascular stent grafts and accessories, and transcatheter pulmonary valves, and percutaneous coronary intervention products, percutaneous angioplasty balloons, and other products. The Neuroscience Portfolio segment offers medical devices and implants, biologic solutions, spinal cord stimulation and brain modulation systems, implantable drug infusion systems, and interventional products, as well as nerve ablation system under the Accurian name. The segment offers its products for spinal surgeons, neurosurgeons, neurologists, pain management specialists, anesthesiologists, orthopedic surgeons, urologists, urogynecologists, and interventional radiologists, as well as ear, nose, and throat specialists, and energy surgical instruments. The Medical Surgical Portfolio segment offers surgical stapling devices, vessel sealing instruments, wound closure and electrosurgery products, AI-powered surgical video and analytics platform, robotic-assisted surgery products, hernia mechanical devices, mesh implants, gynecology products, gastrointestinal and hepatologic diagnostics and therapies, and therapies to treat diseases and conditions, and patient monitoring and airway management products. The Diabetes Operating Unit segment provides insulin pumps and consumables, continuous glucose monitoring systems and sensors, and InPen, a smart insulin pen. Medtronic plc was founded in 1949 and is headquartered in Galway, Ireland.;tech
MDU;MDU Resources Group, Inc. engages in the regulated energy delivery businesses in the United States. The company operates through three segments: Electric, Natural Gas Distribution, and Pipeline. It generates, transmits, and distributes electricity in Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota, and Wyoming. The company also distributes natural gas in Idaho, Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota, Oregon, South Dakota, Washington, and Wyoming; and supplies related value-added services. In addition, it provides natural gas transportation and underground storage services through a regulated pipeline system primarily in the Rocky Mountain and northern Great Plains regions; and cathodic protection non-regulated energy-related services. Further, the company offers transportation and storage services. MDU Resources Group, Inc. was incorporated in 1924 and is headquartered in Bismarck, North Dakota.;tech
MDV;Modiv Industrial, Inc. is an internally managed REIT that is focused on single-tenant net-lease industrial manufacturing real estate. The Company actively acquires critical industrial manufacturing properties with long-term leases to tenants that fuel the national economy and strengthen the nation's supply chains.;tech
MED;Medifast, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates as a health and wellness company that provides habit-based and coach-guided lifestyle solutions to address obesity and support a healthy life in the United States. The company offers weight loss and weight management plans; and GLP-1 support plans that provide access to GLP-1 medications where clinically appropriate under the OPTAVIA brand name. It also provides bars, puffs, cereal, crunchers, drinks, hearty choices, oatmeal, pancakes, pudding, soft serve, shakes, smoothies, soft bakes, and soups, as well as provides coaching support along with community, nutrition, and healthy habits, and helps people in their weight loss journey. It markets its products through point-of-sale transactions, as well as through ecommerce platform. Medifast, Inc. was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in Baltimore, Maryland.;tech
MEG;Montrose Environmental Group, Inc. operates as an environmental services company in the United States, Canada, and internationally. It operates in three segments: Assessment, Permitting and Response; Measurement and Analysis; and Remediation and Reuse. The company offers scientific advisory and consulting services to support environmental assessments, environmental emergency response and recovery, toxicology consulting and environmental audits and permits for current operations, facility upgrades, new projects, decommissioning projects and development projects. It also provides environmental testing and laboratory services, including source and ambient air testing and monitoring, leak detection, and advanced multi-media laboratory services, including air, soil, stormwater, wastewater and drinking water analysis; and engineering, design, and implementation services comprising treatment technologies which treat contaminated water or create renewable energy from waste, or soil remediation. The company serves oil and gas, utilities, local, state, provincial and federal government entities, technical services, industrial manufacturing, transportation, chemicals, renewable energy generation, aerospace, telecommunications, and engineering industries. Montrose Environmental Group, Inc. was founded in 2012 and is headquartered in North Little Rock, Arkansas.;tech
MEGI;NYLI CBRE Global Infrastructure Megatrends Term Fund is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
MEI;Methode Electronics, Inc. designs, engineers, produces, and sells mechatronic products internationally. The company operates in three segments: Automotive, Industrial, and Interface. The Automotive segment supplies electronic and electro-mechanical devices and related products to automobile original equipment manufacturers directly or through their tiered suppliers. This segment products include integrated overhead and center consoles, hidden and ergonomic switches, transmission lead-frames, complex insert molded solutions, LED-based lighting solutions, and sensors, which incorporate magneto-elastic sensing, or other sensing technologies that monitor the operation or status of a component or system. The Industrial segment manufactures exterior and interior lighting solutions, industrial safety radio remote controls, braided flexible cables, current-carrying laminated busbars and devices, custom power-product assemblies comprising PowerRail solutions, high-current high-voltage flexible power cabling systems, and powder-coated busbars that are used in various markets and applications, including aerospace, commercial vehicles, data centers, industrial equipment, military, power conversion, telecommunications, and transportation. The Interface segment provides a variety of high-speed digital communication over copper media solutions for the data center and broadband markets, and interface panel solutions for the appliance market; and solutions, including copper transceivers, distribution point units, and solid-state field-effect consumer touch panels. The company serves end markets of transportation, including automotive, commercial vehicle, e-bike, aerospace, bus, and rail; and cloud computing infrastructure, construction equipment, and consumer appliance industries. Methode Electronics, Inc. was incorporated in 1946 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
MET;MetLife, Inc., a financial services company, provides insurance, annuities, employee benefits, and asset management services worldwide. It operates in six segments: Group Benefits; Retirement and Income Solutions; Asia; Latin America; Europe, the Middle East and Africa; and MetLife Holdings. The company offers life, dental, group short-and long-term disability, paid family and medical leave, individual disability, accidental death and dismemberment, accident and health, vision, and pet insurance, as well as prepaid legal plans; administrative services-only arrangements to employers; and general and separate account, and synthetic guaranteed interest contracts, as well as private floating rate funding agreements. It also provides pension risk transfers, institutional income annuities, structured settlements, and capital markets investment products; and other products and services, such as life insurance products and funding agreements for funding postretirement benefits, as well as company, bank, or trust-owned life insurance used to finance nonqualified benefit programs for executives. In addition, it offers fixed, indexed-linked, and variable annuities; pension products; regular savings products; whole and term life, endowments, universal and variable life, and group life products; longevity and funded reinsurance solutions; credit insurance products; accident & health products covering hospitalization, cancer, critical illness, income protection, and scheduled medical reimbursement plans; and protection against long-term health care services. MetLife, Inc. was incorporated in 1999 and is based in New York, New York.;tech
MFC;Manulife Financial Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides financial products and services in the United States, Canada, Asia, and internationally. It operates through Wealth and Asset Management Businesses; Insurance and Annuity Products; and Corporate and Other segments. The Wealth and Asset Management Businesses segment offers investment advice and solutions to retirement, retail, and institutional clients through multiple distribution channels, including agents and brokers affiliated with the company, independent securities brokerage firms and financial advisors pension plan consultants, and banks. The Insurance and Annuity Products segment provides deposit and credit products; and individual life insurance, individual and group long-term care insurance, and guaranteed and partially guaranteed annuity products through multiple distribution channels, including insurance agents, brokers, banks, financial planners, and direct marketing. The Corporate and Other segment is involved in the property and casualty reinsurance businesses; and run-off reinsurance operations, including variable annuities, and accident and health. The company also manages timberland and agricultural portfolios; and engages in the insurance agency, broker dealer, investment counseling, portfolio and mutual fund management, property and casualty insurance, and fund and investment management businesses. In addition, it provides integrated banking products and services. The company was incorporated in 1887 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.;tech
MFG;Mizuho Financial Group, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in banking, trust banking, securities, and other businesses related to financial services in Japan, the Americas, Europe, Asia/Oceania, and internationally. It operates through Retail & Business Banking Company; Corporate & Investment Banking Company; Global Corporate & Investment Banking Company; Global Markets Company; Asset Management Company; and Others segments. The company provides deposit products; syndicated, housing, and card loans; business matching services; management of retirement payments; and advisory services related to overseas expansions, and mergers and acquisitions-related services. It also offers consulting services, including asset management and asset succession; payroll services; and sells lottery tickets issued by prefectures and ordinance-designated cities. In addition, it offers fund management, underwriting of equity and bonds, risk hedging products; solutions on capital management, business and financial strategy; real estate services; advisory services and solutions, such as advice on financial strategy and proposals on investment products to financial institutions; and financial services that include funding support and public bonds underwriting. Further, the company offers corporate finance and transaction banking services; sales and trading services; investment products; pension funds; and ALM and investment services, including stable capital raising and balance sheet management, as well as management of fixed income, equity, and other securities portfolios. Additionally, it provides online banking, cash management solutions, currency transaction, trade finance, custody, yen correspondence settlement, and research and consulting services; trust, securitization and structured finance, and stock transfer agency; and private banking and information technology-related services. Mizuho Financial Group, Inc. was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.;tech
MFM;MFS Municipal Income Trust is a close ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Massachusetts Financial Services Company. The fund invests in fixed income markets of the United States. It primarily invests in tax-exempt bonds and tax-exempt notes. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against Barclays Municipal Bond Index. MFS Municipal Income Trust was founded in November 25, 1986 and and is domiciled in United States.;tech
MFSI;The fund normally invests the fund’s assets primarily in foreign securities, including emerging market securities. Emerging markets are countries determined to have emerging market economies based on factors that demonstrate the country's financial and capital markets are in the development phase.;tech
MG;Mistras Group, Inc. provides technology-enabled asset protection solutions in the United States, other Americas, Europe, and the Asia-Pacific. The company offers non-destructive testing services; inline inspection for pipelines; and plant condition management software. It also provides maintenance and light mechanical services, such as corrosion removal, mitigation and prevention, insulation installation and removal, electrical services, heat tracing, industrial cleaning, pipefitting, and welding; engineering consulting services, including plant operations and management support, turnaround/shutdown planning, profit improvement, facilities planning studies, engineering design, process safety reviews, energy optimization evaluations, and benchmarking/key performance indicator development and technical training. In addition, the company offers certified divers for subsea inspection and maintenance; unmanned aerial, land-based, and subsea systems for inspection applications; online condition-monitoring solutions; quality assurance and quality control solutions for new and existing metal and alloy components, materials, and composites. Further, it provides inspection, maintenance, and monitoring and data services. Additionally, the company designs, manufactures, and sells acoustic emission sensors, instruments, and turnkey systems for monitoring and testing materials, pressure components, processes, and structures; and ultrasonic testing equipment. It serves oil and gas, aerospace and defense, fossil and nuclear power, power generation and transmission, civil infrastructure, manufacturing, industrial, public infrastructure, petrochemical, transportation, and other process industries, as well as infrastructure, research, and engineering industries. Mistras Group, Inc. was founded in 1978 and is headquartered in Princeton Junction, New Jersey.;tech
MGA;Magna International Inc. manufactures and supplies vehicle engineering, contract, and automotive space. It operates through four segments: Body Exteriors & Structures, Power & Vision, Seating Systems, and Complete Vehicles. The company offers battery enclosures, battery trays, fully assembled body-in-white modules, and chassis systems, such as suspension links and arms, twist axle, carbon fiber subframe, and frame assemblies; cameras, thermal sensing, radar, interior sensing systems, domain controllers, and modules for chassis control, glow plug control, powertrain control, and mechatronic control. It also provides active aerodynamics; lighting, liftgate modules, front integration panels, roof systems and modules, exterior design, thin wall, welding technologies, front end carriers or grille opening reinforcement, door panels, and hoods; latching systems, power closures, door and mechatronic control modules, hinges and wireforming, and handles; interior and exterior mirrors, actuators, and overhead consoles; structural, foam and trim, sustainable, and electronics seating; and greenhouse technologies, trim and exterior ornamentation, and running boards. In addition, the company offers eDrive systems and eBeam; hybrid and ICE Powertrain; E-motor core stack, gears and shafts, planetary carriers and differentials, and inverter covers and oil pans; battery thermal and structural components, and clutch housings and modules; truck fuel tank systems, pipes and components, and energy storage systems. Magna International Inc. was founded in 1957 and is headquartered in Aurora, Canada.;tech
MGF;MFS Government Markets Income Trust is a close ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Massachusetts Financial Services Company. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of United States. It primarily invests in investment grade debt instruments. The fund also invests in mortgage backed, U.S. government agencies, international sovereigns, U.S. treasuries, cash and other net assets, emerging markets debt, high grade corporates, and residential mortgage backed securities. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays U.S. Government/Mortgage Bond Index. MFS Government Markets Income Trust was formed in May 28, 1987 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
MGM;MGM Resorts International, through its subsidiaries, operates as a gaming and entertainment company in the United States, China, and internationally. The company operates through four segments: Las Vegas Strip Resorts, Regional Operations, MGM China, and MGM Digital. It operates casino resorts that offer gaming, hotel, convention, dining, entertainment, retail, and other resort amenities, as well as online/digital games through its online platforms. The company's casino operations include slots and table games, as well as live dealer, online sports betting, and iGaming through BetMGM. Its customers include premium gaming customers; leisure and wholesale travel customers; business travelers; and group customers, including conventions, trade associations, and small meetings. The company was formerly known as MGM MIRAGE and changed its name to MGM Resorts International in June 2010. MGM Resorts International was incorporated in 1986 and is based in Las Vegas, Nevada.;tech
MGY;Magnolia Oil & Gas Corporation, an independent oil and natural gas company, engages in the acquisition, development, exploration, and production of oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids reserves in the United States. The company's properties are located primarily in Karnes County and the Giddings area in South Texas comprising the Eagle Ford Shale and the Austin Chalk formation. Magnolia Oil & Gas Corporation was incorporated in 2017 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
MH;McGraw Hill, Inc., doing business as McGraw Hill, provides information solutions for K-12, higher education, and professional markets in the United States and internationally. It operates through K-12, Higher Education, Global Professional, and International segments. The K-12 segment provides core, supplemental, and intervention curricula to support the needs of the K-12 schools. It sells blended digital and print learning solutions directly to school districts across the United States. The Higher Education segment offers students, instructors, and institutions with adaptive digital learning solutions and content, and instructional materials. Its solutions are used by students enrolled in non-profit colleges and universities, as well as for-profit institutions. This segment sells its higher education solutions to online retailers and distribution partners, as well as sells directly to student through its proprietary e-commerce platform. The Global Professional segment provides students, institutions, and professionals with comprehensive medical and engineering learning solutions. This segment sells digital learning solutions and print materials accessible through a range of mediums for learners and customers. The International segment offers digital and print solutions in approximately 100 countries and 80 languages outside of the United States. This segment, through its distribution network, serve the needs of learners and educators with K-12 and higher education solutions. McGraw Hill, Inc. was formerly known as Mav Holding Corporation and changed its name to McGraw Hill, Inc. in October 2022. The company was founded in 1888 and is headquartered in Columbus, Ohio. McGraw Hill, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Pe Mav Holdings, Llc.;tech
MHF;Western Asset Municipal High Income Fund Inc. is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Legg Mason Partners Fund Advisor, LLC. It is co-managed by Western Asset Management Company. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. It invests primarily in intermediate and long-term municipal debt securities issued by state and local governments including U.S. territories and possessions, political subdivisions, agencies and public authorities. The fund seeks to invest in investment grade debt securities rated in one of the four highest rating categories by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Lehman Brothers Municipal Bond Index. The fund was formerly known as Municipal High Income Fund Inc. Western Asset Municipal High Income Fund Inc. was formed on November 28, 1988 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
MHK;Mohawk Industries, Inc. designs, manufactures, sources, distributes, and markets flooring products for residential and commercial remodeling, and new construction channels in the United States, Europe, Latin America, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Global Ceramic, Flooring North America, and Flooring Rest of the World. The company provides ceramic, porcelain, and natural stone tiles products for floor and wall applications; natural stones, porcelain slabs, and quartz countertops, as well as installation materials; floor covering products comprising broadloom carpets, carpet tiles, rugs and mats, carpet pads, laminates, medium-density fiberboards, wood floorings, vinyl tiles, and sheet vinyl; and roofing panels, insulation boards, mezzanine flooring products, medium-density fiberboard, decorative panels, and chipboards. It also licenses its intellectual property to flooring manufacturers. The company sells its products under the American Olean, Daltile, Decortiles, Eliane, Elizabeth, Lentex Flooring, EmilGroup, KAI, Kerama Marazzi, Marazzi, Ragno, Aladdin Commercial, Durkan, Foss, IVC Resilient Design, Karastan, Mohawk, Mohawk Group, Mohawk Home, Pergo, Portico, Quick-Step, Feltex, GH Commercial, Godfrey Hirst, Hycraft, IVC Home, Lentex, Leoline, Moduleo, Redbook, Unilin, and Vitromex brands. It offers its products to home centers, company-owned service centers and stores, floor covering retailers, ceramic tile specialists, e-commerce retailers, residential builders, independent distributors, commercial contractors, and commercial end users. The company was incorporated in 1988 and is headquartered in Calhoun, Georgia.;tech
MIAX;Miami International Holdings, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates various markets across options, futures, and cash equities. Its markets include options through MIAX Options, MIAX Pearl, MIAX Emerald, and MIAX Sapphire; U.S. equities through MIAX Pearl Equities; U.S. futures and options on futures through MIAX Futures; and international listings through BSX and TISE. The company also trades hard red spring wheat futures and options on MIAX Futures; offers clearing services for U.S. futures and options through MIAX Futures Clearing; and owns Dorman Trading, a full-service futures commission merchant provides execution and clearing services for introducing brokers, retail customers, institutional clients, and professional traders. Miami International Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in 2007 and is headquartered in Princeton, New Jersey;tech
MIN;MFS Intermediate Income Trust is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Massachusetts Financial Services Company. The fund invests in fixed income markets across the globe. It primarily invests in debt instruments. The fund seeks to benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Intermediate U.S. Government/Credit and MFS Intermediate Income Trust Blended Index. MFS Intermediate Income Trust was formed on March 17, 1988 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
MIR;Mirion Technologies, Inc. provides radiation detection, measurement, analysis, and monitoring products and services in North America, Europe, and the Asia Pacific. It operates in two segments, Medical, and Nuclear & Safety. The Medical segment offers radiation oncology quality assurance and dosimetry solutions; patient safety solutions for diagnostic imaging and radiation therapy centers; radiation therapy quality assurance solutions for calibrating and verifying imaging and treatment accuracy; and radionuclide therapy products for nuclear medicine applications, such as product handling, medical imaging furniture, and rehabilitation products. This segment improves the quality and safety of cancer care delivery; and supports applications across medical diagnostics and practitioner safety. The Nuclear & Safety segment focuses on addressing critical radiation safety, measurement, and analysis applications; and provides personal radiation detection, identification equipment, and analysis tools. The company's products and solutions also include radiation measurement and monitoring solutions, reactor instrumentation and control detectors, imaging systems and cameras, and waste management systems; laboratory and scientific analysis systems comprising gamma/alpha spectroscopy, alpha/beta counting, specialty detectors, and spectroscopy software; radiation measurement and health physics instrumentation; and contamination and clearance monitors. It serves hospitals, clinics and urgent care facilities, dental and veterinary offices, radiation treatment facilities, OEMs for radiation therapy, laboratories, military organizations, government agencies, industrial companies, power and utility companies, reactor design firms, and NPPs. The company was formerly known as Global Monitoring Systems, Inc. and changed its name to Mirion Technologies, Inc. in January 2006. Mirion Technologies, Inc. was incorporated in 2005 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
MKC;McCormick & Company, Incorporated manufactures, markets, and distributes spices, seasoning mixes, condiments, and other flavorful products to the food industry. It operates in two segments, Consumer and Flavor Solutions. The Consumer segment offers spices, herbs, and seasonings, as well as condiments and sauces, and desserts. This segment markets its products under the McCormick, French's, Frank's RedHot, Lawry's, Cholula Hot Sauce, Club House, Gourmet Garden, and OLD BAY brands in the Americas; Ducros, Schwartz, Kamis, LA Drogheria, and Vahiné brands in Europe, the Middle East, and Africa; and McCormick and DaQiao brands in the Asia/Pacific, as well as markets desserts under the Aeroplane brand and packaged chilled herbs under the Gourmet Garden brand name; and markets regional and ethnic brands, such as Zatarain's, Stubb's, Thai Kitchen, and Simply Asia. It also supplies its products under the private labels. This segment serves retailers comprising grocery, mass merchandise, warehouse clubs, discount and drug stores, and e-commerce retailers directly and indirectly through distributors and wholesale foodservice suppliers. The Flavor Solutions segment offers seasoning blends, spices and herbs, condiments, coating systems, and compound flavors to multinational food manufacturers and foodservice customers. It serves foodservice customers directly and indirectly through distributors. The company was founded in 1889 and is headquartered in Hunt Valley, Maryland.;tech
MKL;Markel Group Inc., through its subsidiaries, engages in the insurance business in the United States and internationally. It offers general and professional liability, personal lines, marine and energy, specialty programs, and workers' compensation insurance products; and property coverages that include fire, windstorm, hail, water damage, and other property coverages comprising catastrophe-exposed property risks, such as earthquake and wind. The company also offers credit and surety products, and collateral protection insurance products. In addition, it offers transaction, directors and officers, and healthcare liability reinsurance; and specialty treaty reinsurance products, including credit and surety, workers' compensation, marine and energy, public entity, mortgage default, aviation and space, agriculture, and discrete political violence. Further, the company provides construction services, consumer and building products, transportation-related products, consulting services, and equipment manufacturing products, as well as leasing and other services. Additionally, the company offers a range of investment products, including insurance-linked securities comprising catastrophe bonds, insurance swaps, traditional reinsurance contracts, industry loss warranties, and other financial instruments; and program services. It also operates as an investment fund manager. The company was formerly known as Markel Corporation and changed its name to Markel Group Inc. in May 2023. Markel Group Inc. was founded in 1930 and is headquartered in Glen Allen, Virginia.;tech
MLI;Mueller Industries, Inc. manufactures and sells copper, brass, and aluminum products in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, Asia and the Middle East, and Mexico. It operates through three segments: Piping Systems, Industrial Metals, and Climate. The Piping Systems segment offers copper tubes, fittings, line sets, and pipe nipples; resells steel pipe, brass and plastic plumbing valves, malleable iron fittings, faucets, and plumbing specialties. This segment sells its products to wholesalers in the plumbing and refrigeration markets, distributors to the manufactured housing and recreational vehicle industries, building material retailers, and air-conditioning original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). The Industrial Metals segment offers brass, bronze, and copper alloy rods; cold-form aluminum and copper products; high-volume machining of aluminum, steel, brass, and cast-iron impacts and castings for automotive applications; brass and aluminum forgings; brass, aluminum, and stainless steel valves; fluid control solutions; and gas train assembles; specialty copper, copper alloy, and aluminum tube to OEMs in the industrial, construction, plumbing, refrigeration, utility, telecommunication, and electrical distribution markets, as well as heating, ventilation, and air-conditioning (HVAC) markets. The Climate segment provides valves, protection devices, and brass fittings; and coaxial heat exchangers and twisted tubes to wholesalers and OEMs in the HVAC and refrigeration markets. This segment also manufactures and distributes high-pressure components and accessories, as well as insulated HVAC flexible duct systems. Mueller Industries, Inc. was founded in 1917 and is headquartered in Collierville, Tennessee.;tech
MLM;Martin Marietta Materials, Inc., a natural resource-based building materials company, supplies aggregates and heavy-side building materials to the construction industry in the United States and internationally. It offers crushed stone, sand, and gravel products; ready mixed concrete and asphalt; paving products and services; and Portland and specialty cement for use in the infrastructure projects, and nonresidential and residential construction markets, as well as in the railroad, agricultural, utility, and environmental industries. The company also produces magnesia-based chemicals products, dolomitic lime primarily to customers for steel production and soil stabilization. Its chemical products are used in flame retardants, wastewater treatment, pulp and paper production, and other environmental applications. The company was founded in 1939 and is headquartered in Raleigh, North Carolina.;tech
MLNK;MeridianLink, Inc., a software-as-a service company, provides software solutions for banks, credit unions, mortgage lenders, specialty lending providers, and consumer reporting agencies in the United States. The company offers MeridianLink One, a multi-product platform that can be tailored to meet the needs of customers as they digitally transform their organizations and adapt to changing business and consumer demands; MeridianLink Portal, a Point of Sale system that allows financial institutions to expand existing lending and deposit account; MeridianLink Opening, a cloud-based online account opening and deposit software solution; and MeridianLink Consumer, a full loan solution suite to banks and credit unions. It also provides MeridianLink Mortgage, a cloud-based software designed for financial professionals to optimize the end-to-end mortgage loan origination process; MeridianLink Collect, a cloud-based debt collection software; and MeridianLink Business that offers functions primarily for business lending, including automated cash flow statement creation, business credit reports, and business risk and identity verification. In addition, the company provides analytics and business intelligence tools through MeridianLink Engage, MeridianLink Consulting, MeridianLink Data Connect, and MeridianLink Insight; Data Verification Software Solutions, a cloud-based order fulfillment hub for bankers and credit officers that includes Mortgage Credit Link, TazCloud, and Credit API products; and offers additional loan origination systems, credit decisioning tools, and solution modules. MeridianLink, Inc. was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in Costa Mesa, California.;tech
MLP;Maui Land & Pineapple Company, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the planning, managing, developing, and selling residential, resort, commercial, agricultural, and industrial real estate properties in the United States. The company operates through Land Development & Sales; Leasing; and Resort Amenities segments. The Real Estate segment is involved in the land planning and entitlement; development related construction, development, and sale activities. The Leasing segment leases commercial, agricultural, and industrial land and properties; and licenses its registered trademarks and trade names, as well as provides stewardship and conservation services. This segment also manages ditches, reservoirs, and well systems that provide potable and non-potable water to West and Upcountry Maui areas. The Resort Amenities segment manages the operations of the Kapalua Club, a private non-equity club that provides its members special programs, access, and other privileges at certain amenities at the Kapalua Resort. Maui Land & Pineapple Company, Inc. was incorporated in 1909 and is based in Lahaina, Hawaii.;tech
MLR;Miller Industries, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells towing and recovery equipment. The company offers wreckers that are used to recover and tow disabled vehicles and other equipment; and car carriers, which are specialized flat-bed vehicles with hydraulic tilt mechanisms, which are used to transport new or disabled vehicles and other equipment. It also provides transport trailers for moving multiple vehicles for auto auctions, car dealerships, leasing companies, and other similar operations. The company markets its products under the Century, Vulcan, Challenger, Holmes, Champion, Chevron, Eagle, Titan, Jige, and Boniface brands. It sells its products through independent distributors in North America, and Canada, Mexico; and through prime contractors to governmental entities. Miller Industries, Inc. was incorporated in 1990 and is headquartered in Ooltewah, Tennessee.;tech
MMC;Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc., a professional services company, provides advisory services and insurance solutions to clients in the areas of risk, strategy, and people worldwide. It operates through Risk and Insurance Services, and Consulting segments. The Risk and Insurance Services segment offers risk management services, such as risk advice, risk transfer, and risk control and mitigation solutions, as well as insurance and reinsurance broking, strategic advisory services, and analytics solutions, and insurance program management services. It serves businesses, public entities, insurance companies, associations, professional services organizations, and private clients. The Consulting segment provides health, wealth and career advice, solutions and products; and specialized management, strategic, economic, and brand consulting services. Marsh & McLennan Companies, Inc. was founded in 1871 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
MMD;MainStay DefinedTerm Municipal Opportunities Fund is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by New York Life Investment Management LLC. The fund is co-managed by MacKay Shields LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund primarily invests in investment grade municipal bonds which are exempt from regular U.S. Federal income taxes. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Municipal Bond Index. MainStay DefinedTerm Municipal Opportunities Fund was formed on June 26, 2012 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
MMI;Marcus & Millichap, Inc., an investment brokerage company, provides real estate investment brokerage and financing services to sellers and buyers of commercial real estate in the United States and Canada. The company offers real estate services comprising commercial real estate investment sales, financing, research, and advisory services for multifamily, retail, office, industrial, single-tenant net lease, seniors housing, self-storage, hospitality, medical office, and manufactured housing, as well as capital markets/financing. It also operates as a financial intermediary that provides commercial real estate capital markets solutions, including senior debt, mezzanine debt, joint venture, preferred equity, and securitization services, as well as loan sales and due diligence services to commercial real estate owners, developers, and investors. In addition, the company provides advisory and consulting services, which include opinions of value, operating and financial performance benchmarking analysis, specific asset buy-sell strategies, market and submarket analysis and ranking, portfolio strategies by property type, market strategy, development and redevelopment feasibility studies, and other services; and leasing services for tenants and/or landlords in connection with commercial real estate leases. Marcus & Millichap, Inc. was founded in 1971 and is headquartered in Calabasas, California.;tech
MMM;3M Company provides diversified technology services in the Americas, the Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Safety and Industrial, Transportation and Electronics, and Consumer. The Safety and Industrial segment offers industrial abrasives and finishing for metalworking applications; autobody repair solutions; industrial specialty products, such as personal hygiene products, masking, and packaging materials; electrical products and materials for construction and maintenance, power distribution, and electrical original equipment manufacturers; structural adhesives and tapes; respiratory, hearing, eye, and fall protection solutions; and mineral granules for shingles. The Transportation and Electronics segment provides ceramic solutions; attachment/bonding, films, sound, and temperature management for transportation vehicles; format graphic films for advertising and fleet signage; reflective signage for highway and vehicle safety; light management films and electronics assembly solutions; chip packaging and interconnection solutions; semiconductor production materials; and data center solutions. The Consumer segment offers cleaning products for the home; consumer air quality products; picture hanging accessories; retail abrasives, paint accessories, and safety products; stationery and office products; automotive appearance products; and consumer bandages, tapes, braces, and supports. The company offers its products through e-commerce and traditional wholesalers, retailers, jobbers, distributors, and dealers, as well as directly to users. 3M Company was founded in 1902 and is headquartered in Saint Paul, Minnesota.;tech
MMS;Maximus, Inc. operates as a provider of government services worldwide. It operates through three segments: U.S. Federal Services, U.S. Services, and Outside the U.S. The U.S. Federal Services segment offers business process services, eligibility and enrollment, outreach, and other services for federal health and human services programs; clinical services; and technology solutions, including application development and modernization services, enterprise business solutions, advanced analytics and emerging technologies, cybersecurity services, and infrastructure and engineering solutions. The U.S. Services segment offers program eligibility support and enrollment; centralized multilingual customer contact centers, multichannel, and digital self-service options for enrollment; application assistance and independent health plan choice counseling; beneficiary outreach, education, eligibility, enrollment, and redeterminations; subsidized telephone services; and person-centered independent assessment services. This segment also provides employment services, such as eligibility support, case management, job-readiness preparation, job search and employer outreach, job retention and career advancement, and educational and training services; technology solutions; system implementation project management services; and specialized consulting services. The Outside the U.S. segment offers BPS and technology solutions for international governments, including health and disability assessments, program administration for employment services, wellbeing solutions and other job seeker-related services, digitally-enabled customer services, and technologies for modernization. Maximus, Inc. was founded in 1975 and is headquartered in McLean, Virginia.;tech
MMT;MFS Multimarket Income Trust is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by MFS Investment Management, Inc. The fund invests in the fixed income markets across the globe with greater emphasis on United States. It seeks to invest in fixed income securities issued by U.S. Government, foreign government, mortgage backed, and other asset-backed securities of U.S. and foreign issuers, corporate bonds of U.S. and foreign issuers, and debt instruments of issuers located in emerging market countries with an average duration of 5.1 years. The fund employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up stock picking approach while focusing on factors such as underlying credit quality, collateral characteristics, and indenture provisions, and the issuer's management ability, capital structure, leverage, and ability to meet its current obligations. It seeks to benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against a combination of the Citigroup World Government Bond Non-Dollar Hedged Index, JPMorgan Emerging Markets Bond Index Global, Lehman Brothers U.S. Credit Bond Index, Lehman Brothers U.S. Government/Mortgage Bond Index, and Lehman Brothers U.S. High-Yield Corporate Bond Index. MFS Multimarket Income Trust was formed on March 12, 1987 and is domiciled in the Unites States.;tech
MMU;Western Asset Managed Municipals Fund Inc. is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Legg Mason Partners Fund Advisor, LLC. The fund is co-managed by Western Asset Management Company. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund invests in securities that provide income exempt from federal income tax. It invests primarily in investment grade municipal securities. The fund employs intensive proprietary research to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Capital Municipal Bond Index. The fund was formerly known as Managed Municipals Portfolio Inc. Western Asset Managed Municipals Fund Inc. was formed on June 26, 1992 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
MNR;Mach Natural Resources LP, an independent upstream oil and gas company, focuses on the acquisition, development, and production of oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids reserves in the Anadarko Basin region of Western Oklahoma, Southern Kansas, and the panhandle of Texas. It owns a portfolio of midstream assets, as well as owns plants and water infrastructure. The company was incorporated in 2023 and is headquartered in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.;tech
MNSO;MINISO Group Holding Limited, an investment holding company, engages in the retail and wholesale of design-led lifestyle and pop toy products in China, the rest of Asia, the Americas, Europe, Indonesia, and internationally. The company offers products in various categories, including home decor products, small electronics, textiles, accessories, beauty tools, toys, cosmetics, personal care products, snacks, fragrances and perfumes, and stationeries and gifts under the MINISO brand; and blind boxes, toy bricks, model figures, model kits, collectible dolls, Ichiban Kuji, and other popular toys under the TOP TOY brand. The company also operates a character-themed store in Vietnam. In addition, the company engages in brand licensing activity. MINISO Group Holding Limited was founded in 2013 and is based in Guangzhou, China.;tech
MNTN;MNTN, Inc. operates a technology platform that brings performance marketing to Connected TV. Its self-serve technology makes running TV ads as easy as search and social and helps brands to drive measurable conversions, revenue, site visits, and more. The company was formerly known as MNTN Digital, Inc. and changed its name to MNTN, Inc. in 2022. MNTN, Inc. was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in Austin, Texas.;tech
MO;Altria Group, Inc., through its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells smokeable and oral tobacco products in the United States. The company offers cigarettes primarily under the Marlboro brand; large cigars and pipe tobacco under the Black & Mild brand; moist smokeless tobacco and oral tobacco products under the Copenhagen, Skoal, Red Seal, and Husky brands; oral nicotine pouches under the on! brand; and e-vapor products under the NJOY ACE brand. It sells its products to distributors, as well as large retail organizations, such as chain stores. Altria Group, Inc. was founded in 1822 and is headquartered in Richmond, Virginia.;tech
MOD;Modine Manufacturing Company designs, engineers, tests, manufactures, and sells mission-critical thermal solutions in the United States, Canada, Italy, Hungary, the United Kingdom, China, and internationally. The company offers heat transfer products, including round tube plate fin construction; gas-fired, hydronic, electric, and oil fired unit heaters; roof-mounted direct- and indirect-fired makeup air units, duct furnaces, infrared units, and perimeter heating products; single packaged unit ventilators, modular chillers, air handler and condensing units, and ceiling cassettes; evaporator unit coolers, remote condensers, fluid coolers, gas coolers, and dry and brine coolers; and motor and generator cooling coils, transformer oil coolers, radiators, dryers, and industrial heat exchangers. It also provides data center products that consists of IT cooling solutions, including precision air conditioning units for data center applications; computer room air conditioning and handler units; hybrid fan coils; fan walls; chillers; condensers; condensing units; and liquid cooling solutions for high-density computing, as well as sells replacement parts, maintenance service and control solutions for existing equipment and new building management controls and systems. In addition, the company offers powertrain cooling products, such as radiators, condensers, engine cooling modules, charge air coolers, fan shrouds, and surge tanks; cooling module generator sets; aluminum and stainless steel engine oil coolers, exhaust gas recirculation coolers, liquid charge air coolers, transmission and retarder oil coolers, chillers, and condensers; battery thermal management systems, electronics cooling packages, battery chillers, battery cooling plates, coolers and casings for electronics cooling, and coolers for electric axles; and coatings products and application services. Modine Manufacturing Company was incorporated in 1916 and is headquartered in Racine, Wisconsin.;tech
MODG;Topgolf Callaway Brands Corp. designs, manufactures, and sells golf equipment, golf and lifestyle apparel, and other accessories in the United States, Europe, Asia, and Internationally. It operates in three business segments: Topgolf, Golf Equipment, and Active Lifestyle. The Topgolf segment operates Topgolf venues equipped with technology-enabled hitting bays, bars, dining areas, and event spaces, as well as Toptracer ball-flight tracking technology. The Golf Equipment segment provides drivers, fairway woods, hybrids, irons, wedges and packaged sets, putters, and pre-owned golf clubs under the Callaway and Odyssey brands, and golf balls under the Callaway Golf and Strata brands. The Active Lifestyle segment offers golf apparel and footwear; golf accessories, including golf bags, golf gloves, headwear, and practice aids under the Callaway brand; men's, women's, and youth apparel as well as footwear, outerwear and accessories under the TravisMathew brand. This segment also provides storage and travel gear for sport and personal use, such as backpacks, travel bags, duffel and golf bags, and accessories under the OGIO brand. In addition, it offers outdoor apparel for men, women and children comprising jackets, trousers, dresses, skirts, and tops; and footwear and outdoor equipment, including packs and bags, travel bags, tents, sleeping bags, and accessories under the Jack Wolfskin brand. It sells its products through golf retailers, sporting goods retailers, online retailers, mass merchants, department stores, third-party distributors, and mail order stores, and directly to consumers through its retail stores and websites. The company was formerly known as Callaway Golf Company and changed its name to Topgolf Callaway Brands Corp. in September 2022. Topgolf Callaway Brands Corp. was incorporated in 1982 and is headquartered in Carlsbad, California.;tech
MOGU;MOGU Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates an online fashion and lifestyle platform in the People's Republic of China. The company offers fashion apparel and other lifestyle products, including beauty products and accessories provided by third party merchants, as well as personal care, beauty makeup, food, medical beauty, healthcare, and grocery products; and household supplies. It also provides online marketing, commission, financing, technology, and other services to merchants and users; and technology services to brand owners. The company offers its products through mobile applications, including flagship Mogujie app and mini programs on Weixin; and websites comprising Mogu.com, Mogujie.com, and Meilishuo.com. The company was formerly known as Meili Inc. and changed its name to MOGU Inc. in November 2018. MOGU Inc. was incorporated in 2011 and is headquartered in Hangzhou, the People's Republic of China.;tech
MOH;Molina Healthcare, Inc. provides managed healthcare services to low-income families and individuals under the Medicaid and Medicare programs and through the state insurance marketplaces. It operates in four segments: Medicaid, Medicare, Marketplace, and Other. The company served in across 21 states. The company was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in Long Beach, California.;tech
MOS;The Mosaic Company, through its subsidiaries, produces and markets concentrated phosphate and potash crop nutrients. It operates in three segments: Phosphates, Potash, and Mosaic Fertilizantes. The company owns and operates mines and production facilities, which produce concentrated phosphate crop nutrients, such as diammonium phosphate, monoammonium phosphate, and MicroEssentials ammoniated phosphate products; and phosphate based animal feed ingredients under the Biofos and Nexfos brands, as well as produces a double sulfate of potash magnesia product under the K-Mag brand. It also produces and sells potash for use in the manufacturing of mixed crop nutrients and animal feed ingredients, and for industrial use; and for use in the deicing and as a water softener regenerant. In addition, the company provides blended crop nutrients for agricultural use; triple superphosphate, single superphosphate, and dicalcium phosphate; and biological fertilizer complements, industrial products, and other ancillary services. Further, it owns and operates chemical plants, crop nutrient blending and bagging facilities, port terminals, and warehouses; distributes nitrogen based crop nutrients and phosphogypsum; and purchases and sells phosphates, potash, and nitrogen products. The company sells its products to distributors, retail chains, cooperatives, independent retailers and dealers, industrial accounts, animal feed industry, wholesalers, farmers, crop nutrient manufacturers, and national accounts through its sales force. It also exports its products. The company operates in the United States, Brazil, China, Canada, Paraguay, Argentina, Japan, Colombia, India, Australia, Peru, Mexico, Honduras, the Dominican Republic, Thailand, Indonesia, and internationally. The Mosaic Company was incorporated in 1987 and is headquartered in Tampa, Florida.;tech
MOV;Movado Group, Inc. designs, sources, markets, and distributes watches worldwide. The company operates in two segments, Watch and Accessory Brands, and Company Stores. The company offers its watches under the Movado, Concord, Ebel, Olivia Burton, and MVMT brands, as well as licensed brands comprising Coach, Tommy Hilfiger, HUGO BOSS, Lacoste, and Calvin Klein. It also designs, sources, markets, and distributes jewelry and other accessories; and provides after-sales and shipping services. The company's customers include jewelry store chains, department stores, independent regional jewelers, network of independent distributors, online marketplaces, licensors' retail stores, and third-party e-commerce retailers. It sells directly to consumers through its e-commerce platforms. The company was formerly known as North American Watch Corporation and changed its name to Movado Group, Inc. in 1996. Movado Group, Inc. was founded in 1961 and is headquartered in Paramus, New Jersey.;tech
MP;MP Materials Corp., together with its subsidiaries, produces rare earth materials in the Western Hemisphere. The company operates in two segments, Materials and Magnetics. The Materials segment owns and operates the Mountain Pass Rare Earth Mine and Processing facility located near Mountain Pass, San Bernardino County, California. The Magnetics segment produces magnetic precursor products. The company was founded in 2017 and is headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada.;tech
MPLX;MPLX LP owns and operates midstream energy infrastructure and logistics assets primarily in the United States. It operates in two segments, Crude Oil and Products Logistics; and Natural Gas and NGL Services. The company is involved in the gathering, processing, and transportation of natural gas; gathering, transportation, fractionation, storage, and marketing of natural gas liquids; gathering, storage, transportation, and distribution of crude oil and refined products, as well as other hydrocarbon-based products and renewables; and sale of residue gas and condensate. It also engages in inland marine businesses, comprising fleet of boats and barges transport light products, heavy oils, crude oil, renewable fuels, chemicals, and feedstocks in the Mid-Continent and Gulf Coast regions, as well as a marine repair facility located on the Ohio River; and distribution of fuel, as well as operates refining logistics, terminals, rail facilities, and storage caverns. In addition, the company operates terminal facilities for the receipt, storage, blending, additization, handling, and redelivery of refined petroleum products through the pipeline, rail, marine, and truck transportation. MPLX GP LLC acts as the general partner of MPLX LP. The company was incorporated in 2012 and is headquartered in Findlay, Ohio. MPLX LP is a subsidiary of Marathon Petroleum Corporation.;tech
MPV;Barings Participation Investors is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Barings LLC. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. It primarily invests in below-investment grade, long-term corporate debt obligations which are directly purchased from its issuers. The fund also seeks to invest in warrants, conversion rights, or other equity related instruments. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against Standard and Poor's Industrials Composite, Russell 2000 Index, Lehman Brothers U.S. High Yield Index, and Lehman Brothers Intermediate U.S. Credit Index. The fund was formerly known as Babson Capital Participation Investors. Barings Participation Investors was formed on April 7, 1988 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
MPW;Medical Properties Trust, Inc. is a self-advised real estate investment trust formed in 2003 to acquire and develop net-leased hospital facilities. From its inception in Birmingham, Alabama, the Company has grown to become one of the world's largest owners of hospital real estate with 393 facilities and approximately 39,000 licensed beds in nine countries and across three continents as of March 31, 2025. MPT's financing model facilitates acquisitions and recapitalizations and allows operators of hospitals to unlock the value of their real estate assets to fund facility improvements, technology upgrades and other investments in operations.;tech
MPX;Marine Products Corporation designs, manufactures, and sells recreational fiberglass powerboats for the sport boat and sport fishing boat markets in the United States. The company offers Chaparral sterndrive pleasure boats, including SSi Sport Boats, SSX Sport Boats, and the Surf Series; Chaparral outboard pleasure boats, which include OSX Sportboats; and Robalo outboard sport fishing boats. It also provides center and dual consoles, and Cayman Bay Boats under the Robalo brand name. It sells its products to a network of domestic and international independent authorized dealers. Marine Products Corporation was founded in 1965 and is based in Atlanta, Georgia. Marine Products Corporation is a subsidiary of LOR, Inc.;tech
MRC;MRC Global Inc., through its subsidiaries, distributes pipes, valves, fittings, and other infrastructure products and services in the United States and internationally. The company offers ball, butterfly, gate, globe, check, diaphragm, needle, and plug valves; other products, such as lined corrosion resistant piping systems, control valves, valve automation, and top work components; and valve modification services, including valve control extensions, welding, hydrotesting, painting, coating, x-raying, and actuation assembly. It also provides carbon steel fittings and flanges comprising carbon weld fittings, flanges, and piping components; stainless steel, alloy and corrosion resistant pipes, tubing, fittings, and flanges; and carbon line pipes. In addition, the company offers natural gas distribution products, including risers, meters, polyethylene pipes and fittings, and various other components and industrial supplies; oilfield and industrial supplies and completion equipment, such as high density polyethylene pipes, fittings, and rods; and specialized production equipment comprising tanks and separators. Further, the company provides various services under the FastTrack name. Its products are used in the construction, maintenance, repair, and overhaul of equipment used in extreme operating conditions, including high pressure, high/low temperature, and high corrosive and abrasive environments. The company was formerly known as McJunkin Red Man Holding Corporation and changed its name to MRC Global Inc. in January 2012. MRC Global Inc. was founded in 1921 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
MRK;Merck & Co., Inc. operates as a healthcare company worldwide. The company offers human health pharmaceutical for various areas under the Keytruda, Welireg, Gardasil, ProQuad, M-M-R II, Varivax, Vaxneuvance, RotaTeq, Pneumovax 23, Bridion, Dificid, Zerbaxa, Noxafil, Winrevair, Adempas, Verquvo, Lagevrio, Isentress/Isentress HD, Delstrigo, Pifeltro, Belsomra, Januvia, and Janumet brands. It also provides veterinary pharmaceuticals, vaccines and health management solutions and services, such as livestock products under the Nuflor, Bovilis/Vista, Bovilis Cryptium, Banamine, Estrumate, Matrix, Resflor, Zuprevo, Revalor, Safe-Guard, M+Pac, Porcilis, Circumvent, Nobilis/Innovax, Paracox and Coccivac, Exzolt, Slice, Imvixa, Clynav, Aquavac/Norvax, Aquaflor, Flexolt brands; Allflex Livestock Intelligence solutions; and companion animal products under the Bravecto One-Month, Bravecto Injectable/Quantum, Bravecto Plus, Sentinel Spectrum, Sentinel Flavor Tabs, Optimmune, Nobivac NXT, GilvetMab, Otomax, Mometamax, Mometamax Ultra, Posatex, Caninsulin/Vetsulin, Panacur, Regumate, Prestige, Scalibor/Exspot, Sure Petcare, and Home Again brands. The company has development and commercialization agreement for three of Daiichi Sankyo's deruxtecan ADC candidates; AstraZeneca PLC to co-development and co-commercialize AstraZeneca's Lynparza products for multiple cancer types, and Koselugo for multiple indications; licensed to develop, manufacture and commercialize LM-299, a novel investigational PD-1/VEGF bispecific antibody from LaNova; and collaboration agreement with Eisai Co., Ltd., Bayer AG, and Ridgeback Biotherapeutics LP, as well Moderna, Inc. It has a collaboration agreement with Antengene Corporation Limited to evaluate the combination of ATG-022, a CLDN18.2-targeting antibody-drug conjugate, and anti-PD-1 therapy, as well as KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in patients with advanced solid tumors. Merck & Co., Inc. was founded in 1891 and is headquartered in Rahway, New Jersey.;tech
MS;Morgan Stanley, a financial holding company, provides various financial products and services to governments, financial institutions, and individuals in the Americas, Asia, Europe, Middle East, and Africa. The company operates through Institutional Securities, Wealth Management, and Investment Management segments. It offers capital raising and financial advisory services, including services related to the underwriting of debt, equity, and other securities, as well as advice on mergers and acquisitions, restructurings, and project finance. It also provides equity and fixed income products comprising sales, financing, prime brokerage, and market-making services; Asia wealth management; business-related investments services; originating corporate and commercial real estate loans, secured lending facilities, and extending securities; and research. In addition, the company offers financial advisor-led brokerage, custody, and administrative and investment advisory services; self-directed brokerage services; financial and wealth planning services; stock plan administration; securities-based lending, residential and commercial real estate loans, and other lending products; banking; and retirement plan services. Further, it provides equity, fixed income, alternatives and solutions, and liquidity and overlay services to benefit/defined contribution plans, foundations, endowments, government entities, sovereign wealth funds, insurance companies, third-party fund sponsors, corporations, and individuals. The company was founded in 1924 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
MSA;MSA Safety Incorporated develops, manufactures, and supplies safety products and technology solutions that protect people and facility infrastructures worldwide. The company offers breathing apparatus products, including self-contained breathing apparatus; firefighter helmets and protective apparel; and fixed gas and flame detection systems, such as fixed gas detection monitoring systems, flame detectors and open-path infrared gas detectors, and refrigerant detection and identification solution, as well as hand-held portable gas detection instruments to detect the presence or absence of various gases in the air. It also provides industrial head protection products; and fall protection equipment, such as confined space equipment, harnesses, lanyards, and self-retracting lifelines, as well as engineered systems. In addition, the company offers air-purifying respirators, eye and face protection products, ballistic helmets, and gas masks. It serves fire service, energy, utility, construction, and industrial manufacturing applications, as well as heating, ventilation, air conditioning, and refrigeration industries through distributors and end-users through indirect and direct sales channels. The company offers its products under the V-Gard, Cairns, and Gallet brand names. MSA Safety Incorporated was founded in 1914 and is based in Cranberry Township, Pennsylvania.;tech
MSC;Studio City International Holdings Limited provides provision of services pursuant to a casino contract and the hospitality business in Macau. It operates Studio City Casino, comprising gaming tables, including tables for VIP rolling chip operations and gaming machines; and resort, which offers various non-gaming attractions, including figure-8 ferris wheel, night club and karaoke venue, live performance arena, and an outdoor and indoor water park, as well as live performance arena and various food and beverage establishments, and retail space. The company was formerly known as Cyber One Agents Limited and changed its name to Studio City International Holdings Limited in January 2012. The company was founded in 2000 and is based in Central, Hong Kong. Studio City International Holdings Limited is a subsidiary of MCO Cotai Investments Limited.;tech
MSCI;MSCI Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides critical decision support tools and solutions for the investment community to manage investment processes worldwide. The Index segment provides indexes for use in various areas of the investment process, including indexed financial product, such as ETFs, mutual funds, annuities, futures, options, structured products, and over-the-counter derivatives; performance benchmarking; portfolio construction and rebalancing; and asset allocation, as well as licenses GICS and GICS Direct. The Analytics segment offers risk management, performance attribution and portfolio management content, application, an integrated view of risk and return service, and an analysis of market, credit, liquidity, counterparty, and climate risk across asset classes; managed services, including consolidation of client portfolio data, review and reconciliation of input data and results, and customized reporting; and HedgePlatform to measure, evaluate, and monitor the risk of hedge fund investments. The ESG and Climate segment provides products and services that help institutional investors understand how ESG impacts the long-term risk and return of their portfolio and individual security-level investments; and data, ratings, research, and tools to help investors navigate increasing regulation. The All Other  Private Assets segment comprising real estate and infrastructure data, benchmarks, return-analytics, climate assessments and market insights; business intelligence to real estate owners, managers, developers, and brokers; and offers investment decision support tools for private capital. The Private Capital Solutions segment offers tools to help private asset investors across mission-critical workflows, such as sourcing terms and conditions, evaluating operating performance, managing risk and other activities supporting private capital investing. MSCI Inc. was incorporated in 1998 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
MSD;Morgan Stanley Emerging Markets Debt Fund, Inc. is a closed ended fixed income fund launched and managed by Morgan Stanley Investment Management Inc. The fund invests in fixed income markets of emerging market countries across the globe. It primarily invests in debt securities of government and government-related issuers, of entities organized to restructure outstanding debt of such issuers and debt securities of corporate issuers in or organized under the laws of emerging countries. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the JP Morgan Emerging Markets Bond Global Index. Morgan Stanley Emerging Markets Debt Fund, Inc. was formed on May 6, 1993 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
MSDL;Morgan Stanley Direct Lending Fund is a business development company. The fund chiefly invests in riskier bonds, issued by middle-market companies or by private equity firms looking to finance their acquisitions.;tech
MSGE;Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp., through its subsidiaries, engages in live entertainment business. The company produces, presents, and hosts live entertainment events, such as concerts, sporting events, family shows, family shows, performing arts events, and special events. It holds a portfolio of venues that include Madison Square Garden, The Theater at Madison Square Garden, Radio City Music Hall, the Beacon Theatre, and The Chicago Theatre. The company also owns and produces the original production, the Christmas Spectacular Starring the Radio City Rockettes. In addition, it engages in the entertainment and sports bookings business that showcase a range of concerts, family shows, and special events, as well as various sporting events. The company was formerly known as MSGE Spinco, Inc. Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. was incorporated in 2022 and is based in New York, New York.;tech
MSGS;Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. operates as a professional sports company in the United States. The company owns and operates a portfolio of assets that consists of the New York Knickerbockers of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League. Its other professional franchises include development league teams, the Hartford Wolf Pack of the American Hockey League and the Westchester Knicks of the NBA G League. It also operates the Madison Square Garden Training Center, a professional sports team performance center in Greenburgh. The company was formerly known as The Madison Square Garden Company. Madison Square Garden Sports Corp. was incorporated in 2015 and is based in New York, New York.;tech
MSI;Motorola Solutions, Inc. provides public safety and enterprise security solutions in the United States, the United Kingdom, Canada, and internationally. It operates in two segments, Products and Systems Integration, and Software and Services. The Products and Systems Integration segment offers a portfolio of infrastructure, devices, accessories, and video security devices and infrastructure, as well as the implementation and integration of systems, devices, software, and applications for government, public safety, and commercial customers who operate private communications systems and video security solutions, as well as manage a mobile workforce. This segment also provides land mobile radio communications, and video security and access control devices, including two-way portable and vehicle-mounted radios, video cameras, and accessories; communications network core and central processing software, base stations, consoles, and repeaters; and video analytics, network video management hardware and software, and access control solutions. The Software and Services segment offers public safety and enterprise command center, unified communications applications, mobile video equipment, and video software solutions; repair, technical support, and maintenance services; and monitoring, software updates, and cybersecurity services to government, public safety, and commercial communications networks. It serves hospitality; manufacturing; military and defence; police; air transportation; fire and rescue; stadium; emergency medical services; mining; oil and gas; transportation and logistics; utilities; education; retail; and healthcare industries. The company was formerly known as Motorola, Inc. and changed its name to Motorola Solutions, Inc. in January 2011. Motorola Solutions, Inc. was incorporated in 1928 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
MSIF;MSC Income Fund, Inc. is a Business Development Company specializing in middle market debt and debt and equity investments in lower middle market companies. The fund seeks to invest in management buyouts, recapitalizations, growth financings, refinancing and acquisitions of companies. It invests in companies with revenue between $10 million and $150 million.;tech
MSM;MSC Industrial Direct Co., Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the distribution of metalworking and maintenance, repair, and operations (MRO) products and services in the United States, Canada, Mexico, the United Kingdom, and internationally. The company's MRO products include cutting tools, measuring instruments, tooling components, metalworking products, fasteners, flat stock products, raw materials, abrasives, machinery hand and power tools, safety and janitorial supplies, plumbing supplies, materials handling products, power transmission components, and electrical supplies. It offers stock-keeping units through its catalogs and brochures; e-commerce channels, including its website, mscdirect.com; inventory management solutions; and customer care centers, customer fulfillment centers, regional inventory centers, and warehouses. The company serves individual machine shops, manufacturing companies, and government agencies. MSC Industrial Direct Co., Inc. was founded in 1941 and is headquartered in Melville, New York.;tech
MT;ArcelorMittal S.A., together with its subsidiaries, operates as integrated steel and mining companies in the Americas, Europe, Asia, and Africa. It offers semi-finished flat products, including slabs; finished flat products comprising plates, hot- and cold-rolled coils and sheets, hot-dipped and electro-galvanized coils and sheets, tinplate, and color coated coils and sheets; semi-finished long products, such as blooms and billets; finished long products consisting of bars, wire-rods, structural sections, rails, sheet piles, and wire-products; and seamless and welded pipes and tubes. The company also provides mining products, such as iron ore lumps, fines, concentrates, pellets, and sinter feeds; and coking coal. It sells its products to various customers in the automotive, appliance, engineering, construction, energy, and machinery industries through a centralized marketing organization, and distributors. The company operates iron ore mining activities in Brazil, Bosnia, Liberia, Mexico, South Africa, and Ukraine, as well as in India and in Canada. ArcelorMittal S.A. was founded in 1976 and is headquartered in Luxembourg City, Luxembourg.;tech
MTAL;MAC Copper Limited focuses on operating and acquiring metals and mining businesses in Australia. It operates the Cornish, Scottish and Australian underground copper mine in Cobar, Australia. The company was formerly known as Metals Acquisition Limited and changed its name to MAC Copper Limited in December 2024. MAC Copper Limited was incorporated in 2022 and is headquartered in Saint Helier, Jersey.;tech
MTB;M&T Bank Corporation operates as a bank holding company for Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company and Wilmington Trust, National Association that provides retail and commercial banking products and services in the United States. The company operates through three segments: Commercial Bank, Retail Bank, and Institutional Services and Wealth Management. It offers a range of credit products and banking services, such as commercial lending and leasing, letters of credits, deposit products, cash management services, commercial real estate loans, and credit facilities secured by various commercial real estate properties to middle-market and large commercial customers. The company also provides customers deposit products, including demand, savings and time accounts, and other services; automobile and recreational finance loans, home equity loans and lines of credit, credit cards, and other loan products, as well as residential mortgage and real estate loans; business loans, cash management, payroll, and direct deposit services to consumers and small businesses through branch network, telephone banking, internet banking, and automated teller machines. In addition, it offers trustee, agency, investment management, security brokerage, and administrative services; personal trust, planning and advisory, fiduciary, asset management, family office, and other services; and investment products, including mutual funds and annuities, and other services for corporations and institutions, investment bankers, corporate tax, finance and legal executives, and other institutional clients. M&T Bank Corporation was founded in 1856 and is headquartered in Buffalo, New York.;tech
MTD;Mettler-Toledo International Inc. manufactures and supplies precision instruments and services in the Americas, Europe, Asia, and internationally. It operates through five segments: U.S. Operations, Swiss Operations, Western European Operations, Chinese Operations, and Other Operations. The company's laboratory instruments include laboratory balances, liquid pipetting solutions, automated laboratory reactors, real-time analytics, titrators, pH meters, process analytics sensors and analyzer technologies, physical value analyzers, density and refractometry, thermal analysis systems, and other analytical instruments; and LabX, a laboratory software platform to manage and analyze data generated by its instruments. Its industrial instruments comprise industrial weighing instruments and related terminals, automatic dimensional measurement and data capture solutions, vehicle scale systems, industrial software, metal detection equipment, x-ray systems, check weighing equipment, and other end-of-line product inspection systems. The company's retail weighing solutions consist of weighing and software solutions, AI-driven image recognition solution, and automated packaging and labelling solutions for the meat backroom. The company serves the life science industry, independent research organizations, and testing labs; food manufacturers and retailers; chemical, specialty chemical, and cosmetics companies; transportation and logistics, metals, and electronics industries; and the academic community through its direct sales force and indirect distribution channels. The company was incorporated in 1991 and is based in Columbus, Ohio.;tech
MTDR;Matador Resources Company, an independent energy company, engages in the acquisition, exploration, development, and production of oil and natural gas resources in the United States. It operates through two segments, Exploration and Production; and Midstream. The company primarily holds interests in the Wolfcamp and Bone Spring plays in the Delaware Basin in Southeast New Mexico and West Texas. It also operates the Eagle Ford shale play in South Texas; and the Haynesville shale and Cotton Valley plays in Northwest Louisiana. In addition, the company conducts midstream operations in support of its exploration, development, and production operations. Further, it provides natural gas processing and oil transportation services; and oil, natural gas, and produced water gathering services, as well as produced water disposal services to third parties. The company sells natural gas to unaffiliated independent marketing companies and unaffiliated midstream companies. The company was formerly known as Matador Holdco, Inc. and changed its name to Matador Resources Company in August 2011. Matador Resources Company was incorporated in 2003 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
MTG;MGIC Investment Corporation, through its subsidiaries, provides private mortgage insurance, other mortgage credit risk management solutions, and ancillary services in the United States, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, and Guam. The company offers primary insurance that provides mortgage default protection on individual loans, as well as covers unpaid loan principal, delinquent interest, and various expenses associated with the default and subsequent foreclosure on the mortgage or sale of the underlying property. It also provides pool insurance for secondary market mortgage transactions; and contract underwriting services, as well as reinsurance services. The company serves originators of residential mortgage loans, including savings institutions, commercial banks, mortgage brokers, credit unions, mortgage bankers, and other lenders. MGIC Investment Corporation was founded in 1957 and is headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.;tech
MTN;Vail Resorts, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates mountain resorts and regional ski areas in the United States and internationally. It operates through three segments: Mountain, Lodging, and Real Estate. The Mountain segment operates destination mountain resorts and regional ski areas. This segment is also involved in the ancillary activities, including ski school, dining, and retail/rental operations, as well as real estate brokerage activities. The Lodging segment owns and/or manages various luxury hotels and condominiums under the RockResorts brand; other lodging properties; various condominiums located in proximity to the company's mountain resorts; destination resorts; and golf courses, as well as offers resort ground transportation services. This segment operates owned and managed hotel and condominium units. The Real Estate segment owns, develops, and sells real estate properties. The company was founded in 1962 and is based in Broomfield, Colorado.;tech
MTRN;Materion Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, produces advanced engineered materials in the United States, Asia, Europe, and internationally. The company operates in four segments: Performance Materials, Electronic Materials, Precision Optics, and Other. It provides beryllium and non-beryllium containing alloy systems and custom engineered metal solutions in strip, bulk, rod, plate, bar, tube, and other customized shapes; engineering and product development services; alloyed metals, beryllium products, and beryllium hydroxide; precision strip, rod, wire, and engineered strip metal products; ToughMet alloys; and SupremEX aluminum silicon carbide metal matrix composite formulation products. The company also operates the bertrandite ore mine and refinery that provides feedstock hydroxide for its beryllium businesses and external sale. In addition, it produces advanced chemicals, microelectronics packaging, precious and non-precious metal, and specialty metal products, including vapor deposition targets, frame lid assemblies, clad and precious metal pre-forms, and high temperature braze materials. Further, the company designs and manufactures precision thin film coatings, optical filters, and assemblies. Additionally, it offers inorganic chemicals and powders, specialty coatings, specialty engineered beryllium and copper-based alloys, beryllium composites, ceramics, and engineered clad and plated metal systems. The company sells its products to semiconductor, industrial, aerospace and defense, automotive, energy, consumer electronics, and life sciences through its facilities and service centers, independent distributors and agents, outside distributors, direct sales offices, and independent sales representatives. The company was formerly known as Brush Engineered Materials Inc. and changed its name to Materion Corporation in March 2011. Materion Corporation was founded in 1921 and is based in Mayfield Heights, Ohio.;tech
MTUS;Metallus Inc. manufactures and sells alloy steel, and carbon and micro-alloy steel products in the United States and internationally. It offers special bar quality (SBQ) bars, seamless mechanical tubes, precision steel components, and billets that are used in gears, hubs, axles, crankshafts and motor shafts, oil country drill pipes, bits and collars, bearing races and rolling elements, bushings, fuel injectors, wind energy shafts, anti-friction bearings, artillery and mortar bodies, and other applications. The company also provides customized precision steel components. It offers its products and services to the automotive, energy, industrial equipment, mining, construction, rail, aerospace and defense, heavy truck, agriculture, and power generation sectors. The company was formerly known as TimkenSteel Corporation and changed its name to Metallus Inc. in February 2024. Metallus Inc. was founded in 1899 and is headquartered in Canton, Ohio.;tech
MTW;The Manitowoc Company, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides engineered lifting solutions in the Americas, Europe, Africa, the Middle East, the Asia Pacific, and internationally. The company designs, manufactures, and distributes crawler-mounted lattice-boom cranes under the Manitowoc brand; a line of top-slewing and self-erecting tower cranes under the Potain brand; mobile hydraulic cranes comprising rough-terrain cranes, all-terrain cranes, truck-mounted cranes, telescopic crawler cranes, industrial cranes, and hydraulic boom trucks under the Grove, Shuttlelift, and National Crane brands. It also provides aftermarket services, such as sale of parts and accessories, field service work, routine maintenance services, technical support, erection and decommissioning services, crane and component remanufacturing, training, and telematics services. The company's crane products are used in various applications, including energy production/distribution and utilities; petrochemical and industrial; infrastructure, such as road, bridge, and airport construction; and commercial and residential construction. It serves a range of customers, including dealers, rental companies, contractors, and government entities in the petrochemical, industrial, commercial construction, power and utilities, infrastructure, and residential construction end markets. The Manitowoc Company, Inc. was founded in 1902 and is headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.;tech
MTX;Minerals Technologies Inc. develops, produces, and markets various mineral, mineral-based, and related systems and services. The company operates through two segments, Consumer & Specialties, and Engineered Solutions segments. The Consumer & Specialties segment offers household and personal care products, such as pet litter, personal care, fabric care, edible oil and renewable fluid purification, animal health, and agricultural products under the PREMIUM CHOICE, VitaLife, Sivocat, SIVO, RAFINOL, and ENERSOL brand names; and specialty additives products, including precipitated calcium carbonate and ground calcium carbonate products that are used in the paper, paperboard, and fiber-based packaging industries, as well as automotive, construction, consumer markets, and packaging applications. The Engineered Solutions segment provides high-temperature technology products consisting of custom-blended mineral and non-mineral products for casting auto and heavy truck parts, agriculture and construction equipment, municipal, infrastructure and other industrial castings; and environmental and infrastructure products comprising geosynthetic clay lining systems, vapor intrusion mitigation products, sub surface waterproofing systems, green roofs, wastewater remediation, drinking water purification technologies, and drilling products. In addition, this segment offers gunnable monolithic refractory products and application systems; monolithic refractory materials and pre-cast refractory shapes; refractory shapes and linings; carbon composites and pyrolitic graphite under PYROID brand; and filtration and well testing services. It markets its products primarily through its direct sales force, as well as regional distributors. The company operates in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, Africa, and Asia. Minerals Technologies Inc. was incorporated in 1968 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
MTZ;MasTec, Inc., an infrastructure construction company, provides engineering, building, installation, maintenance, and upgrade services for communications, energy, utility, and other infrastructure primarily in the United States and Canada. It operates through five segments: Communications, Clean Energy and Infrastructure, Power Delivery, Pipeline Infrastructure, and Other. The company build infrastructure for wireless and wireline/fiber communications; clean energy infrastructure comprising renewable energy power generation; pipeline infrastructure, including natural gas, water, carbon capture sequestration, and other product transport; power delivery services, such as electrical and gas transmission, and distribution systems; industrial and heavy civil infrastructure, including roads, bridges, and rail; and water infrastructure. It also installs electrical and other gas distribution and transmission systems, power generation, power generation, civil and industrial facilities, pipelines, and fiber optic and other cables, as well as install-to-the-home services. In addition, the company offers maintenance and upgrade support services comprising maintenance of customers' distribution facilities, networks, and infrastructure, including communications, power generation, pipeline, electrical distribution and transmission, and civil and industrial infrastructure; service restoration for natural disasters and accidents; and routine replacements and upgrades to overhauls. Its customers include wireless and wireline/fiber service providers, broadband operators, install-to-the-home service providers, public and private energy providers, including renewable and other energy providers, pipeline operators, civil, transportation, and industrial infrastructure providers, as well as government entities. MasTec, Inc. was founded in 1929 and is headquartered in Coral Gables, Florida.;tech
MUFG;Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. operates as a bank holding company that engages in a range of financial businesses in Japan, the United States, Europe, Asia/Oceania, and internationally. It operates through seven segments: Digital Services, Retail & Commercial Banking, Japanese Corporate & Investment Banking, Global Commercial Banking, Asset Management & Investor Services, Global Corporate & Investment Banking, and Global Markets. The company offers commercial banking, trust banking, and securities products and services to retail and small-and medium-sized enterprise customers. It also provides mergers and acquisitions, debt and equity issuance, financial advice, and real estate-related services; digital-based financial services; credit cards; and trust banking and securities products and services, as well as engages in the lending, fund settlement, and foreign exchange businesses. In addition, the company offers corporate banking services, such as project export credit, agency finance, and financing through asset-backed commercial paper; investment and transaction banking services for corporations, financial institutions, sovereign and multinational organizations, and institutional investors; and asset management and investor services, including pension fund management and administration, pension structure advisory, payments to beneficiaries, and investment trust services for retail customers. Further, it provides loans, deposits, fund transfers, hedging, and investment services for retail, small and medium-sized enterprises, as well as corporate customers; finances for automotive and consumer goods; sells and trades in fixed-income instruments, currencies, equities, and equities; offers investment products comprising mutual funds, structured bonds, and notes; originates and distributes of financial products; and provides insurance and treasury services. Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group, Inc. was founded in 1880 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.;tech
MUSA;Murphy USA Inc., together with subsidiaries, engages in marketing of retail motor fuel products and convenience merchandise. The company operates retail stores under the Murphy USA, Murphy Express, and QuickChek brands, as well as operates non-fuel convenience stores. It operates retail gasoline stores principally in the Southeast, Southwest, and Midwest areas of the United States. The company was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in El Dorado, Arkansas.;tech
MUX;McEwen Inc. engages in the exploration, development, production, and sale of gold and silver deposits in the United States, Canada, Mexico, and Argentina. It also explores for copper deposits. The company owns 100% interests in the Gold Bar gold mine located in Nevada; the Fox Complex that consists of 132 parcels, including patents and leases, and 163 unpatented mining claims totaling 28 square miles in mining rights, as well as 13 square miles in surface rights located in Ontario, Canada; and the Fenix project located in Mexico. It also holds a portfolio of exploration properties in Nevada, Canada, Mexico, and Argentina. The company was formerly known as McEwen Mining Inc. and changed its name to McEwen Inc. in June 2025. McEwen Inc. was incorporated in 1979 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.;tech
MWA;Mueller Water Products, Inc. manufactures and markets products and services for the transmission, distribution, and measurement of water used by municipalities, and the residential and non-residential construction industries in the United States, Israel, and internationally. It operates in two segments, Water Flow Solutions and Water Management Solutions. The Water Flow Solutions segment provides valves for water systems, such as iron gate, butterfly, tapping, check, knife, plug, and ball valves, which are used to control distribution and transmission of potable water and non-potable water, as well as in water transmission or distribution, water treatment facilities, or industrial applications. It also offers service brass products. The Water Management Solutions segment offers dry-barrel and wet-barrel fire hydrants for water infrastructure development; fire protection systems, and water infrastructure repair and replacement projects; pipe repair products, such as couplings, grips, and clamps used to repair leaks; residential, fire protection, and commercial water metering products and systems; water leak detection and pipe condition assessment products and services; machines and tools for tapping, drilling, extracting, installing, and stopping-off; gas valve products for use in gas distribution systems; and intelligent water solutions, including pressure control valves, advanced pressure management, network analytics, event management, and date logging. It sells its products under the Canada Valve, Centurion, Ez-Max, Hydro Gate, Hydro-Guard, HYMAX, HYMAX VERSA, Jones, Krausz, Milliken, Mueller Systems, Mueller, Pratt, Pratt Industrial, Repamax, Repaflex, Singer, Echologics, Echoshore, ePulse, Hersey, LeakFinderRT, Sentryx, and U.S. Pipe Valve and Hydrant brands. The company was founded in 1857 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
MX;Magnachip Semiconductor Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and supplies analog and mixed-signal semiconductor platform solutions for communications, the Internet of Things, consumer, computing, industrial, and automotive applications. It provides display solutions, including source and gate drivers, and timing controllers that cover a range of flat panel displays used in mobile communications, automotive, entertainment devices, monitors, notebook PCs, tablet PC and TVs, liquid crystal display, organic light emitting diodes (OLED), and micro light emitting diode (Micro LED) panel. The company also offers metal oxide semiconductor field-effect transistors, insulated-gate bipolar transistors, AC-DC converters, DC-DC converters, LED drivers, regulators, and power management integrated circuits for a range of devices comprising televisions, smartphones, mobile phones, wearable devices, desktop PCs, notebooks, tablet PCs, level shifter, and other consumer electronics, as well as for power suppliers, e-bikes, photovoltaic inverters, LED lighting, and motor drives; and OLED display driver integrated circuit products. It serves consumer, computing, communication, automotive and industrial electronics OEMs, original design manufacturers, and electronics manufacturing services companies, as well as subsystem designers in the Korea, Asia Pacific, the United States, and Europe. The company sells its products through a direct sales force, as well as through a network of agents and distributors. Magnachip Semiconductor Corporation was incorporated in 2003 and is based in Cheongju-si, South Korea.;tech
MXE;Mexico Equity & Income Fund Inc. is a closed ended balanced mutual fund launched and managed by Pichardo Asset Management, S.A. de C.V. The fund invests in the fixed income and public equity markets of Mexico. It also invests some portion in the convertible securities. The fund invests in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Mexbol and MSCI Mexico Index. Mexico Equity & Income Fund Inc. was formed on May 24, 1990 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
MYE;Myers Industries, Inc. engages in distribution of tire service supplies in Ohio. It operates through two segments, The Material Handling and Distribution. The Material Handling segment offers pallets, small parts bins, bulk shipping containers, and OEM parts, as well as storage and organization, and custom plastic products; and injection molded, rotationally molded or blow molded products, consumer fuel containers and tanks for water, fuel, and waste handling. It serves industrial manufacturing, food processing, retail/wholesale products distribution, agriculture, automotive, recreational and marine vehicles, healthcare, appliance, bakery, electronics, textiles, consumer markets, and other markets under Akro-Mils, Jamco, Buckhorn, Ameri-Kart, Scepter, Elkhart Plastics, Trilogy Plastics, and Signature Systems brands directly to end-users, as well as through distributors. The Distribution segment engages in the distribution of tools, equipment, and supplies for tire, wheel, and under-vehicle service on passenger, heavy truck, and off-road vehicles; and manufacture and sale of tire repair materials and custom rubber products, as well as reflective highway marking tapes under the Myers Tire Supply, Myers Tire Supply International, Tuffy Manufacturing, Mohawk Rubber Sales, Patch Rubber Company, Elrick, Fleetline, MTS, Seymoure, Advance Traffic Markings, and MXP brands. This segment serves retail and truck tire dealers, commercial auto and truck fleets, auto dealers, general service and repair centers, tire re-treaders, truck stop operations, and government agencies. The company was founded in 1933 and is headquartered in Akron, Ohio.;tech
NABL;N-able, Inc. provides cloud-based security, data protection, and unified endpoint management software solutions for managed service providers in the United States, the United Kingdom, and internationally. The company's solutions enable MSPs to support digital transformation and growth within small and medium-sized enterprises. It also offers software platform designed to be an integrated enterprise-grade solution that serves as an operating system for its MSP partners and scales. In addition, the company offers remote monitoring and management solutions that provide MSP partners with visibility and insights into the availability and performance of their customers' networks, infrastructure, devices, and applications through a centralized dashboard; and data protection as-a-service solutions, such as backup and disaster recovery for servers, virtual machines, workstations, files, data, and key cloud-based applications, as well as multi-tenant platform and secure remote delivery architecture. Further, it offers security services through patch management, endpoint security, managed detection and response, extended detection and response, web protection, e-mail security, and archiving and vulnerability assessment solutions. Additionally, the company engages in the professional services automation, automation and scripting management, password management policies, and reporting and analytics activities. The company was incorporated in 2020 and is headquartered in Burlington, Massachusetts.;tech
NAC;Nuveen California Quality Municipal Income Fund is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of California, United States. The fund invests in undervalued municipal securities and other related investments that are exempt from regular federal and California income taxes. It primarily invests in securities that are rated Baa or BBB or better by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or Standard & Poor's, and have an average maturity of 20.96 years. The fund employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up approach to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Standard & Poor's (S&P) California Municipal Bond Index and Standard & Poor's (S&P) National Municipal Bond Index. The fund was formerly known as Nuveen California Dividend Advantage Municipal Fund. Nuveen California Quality Municipal Income Fund was formed on December 1, 1998 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
NAD;Nuveen Quality Municipal Income Fund is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund invests in undervalued municipal securities and other related investments, the income from which is exempt from regular federal income taxes. It seeks to invest in investment grade securities with an average maturity of around 18 years. The fund employs fundamental analysis with a focus on bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against Standard & Poor's (S&P). The fund was formerly known as Nuveen Dividend Advantage Municipal Fund. Nuveen Quality Municipal Income Fund was formed on January 15, 1999 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
NAN;Nuveen New York Quality Municipal Income Fund is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of New York. The fund invests in municipal bonds, with a rating of Baa or higher. It employs fundamental analysis, with bottom-up stock picking approach, to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Standard & Poor's New York Municipal Bond Index and Standard & Poor's National Municipal Bond Index. The fund was formerly known as Nuveen New York Dividend Advantage Municipal Fund. Nuveen New York Quality Municipal Income Fund was formed on May 26, 1999 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
NATL;NCR Atleos Corporation, a financial technology company, provides self-directed banking solutions to financial institutions, merchants, manufacturers, retailers, and consumers in the United States, rest of the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. It operates through three segments: Self-Service Banking; Network; and Telecommunications & Technology (T&T). The company offers solutions, including a line of automated teller machine (ATM) hardware and software, as well as elated installation, maintenance, and managed and professional services; and ATM as a service to manage and run for financial institutions that include back office, cash management, software management, and ATM deployment. It also provides network of ATMs and multi-functioning financial services kiosks for financial institutions, financial technology companies, neobanks, and retailers; Allpoint network which provides cash withdrawal and deposit access to credit unions, banks, digital banks, fintechs, stored-value debit card issuers, and other consumer financial services providers; and ATM branding solutions to financial institutions, ATM management and services to retailers and other businesses, and LibertyX solution which gives consumers the ability to buy and sell Bitcoin. In addition, the company offers managed network and infrastructure services to enterprise clients across various industries through communications service providers and technology manufacturers; and professional, field, and remote services for modern network technologies, including software-defined wide area networking, network functions virtualization, wireless local area networks, optical networking, and edge networks. NCR Atleos Corporation was founded in 1884 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
NAZ;Nuveen Arizona Quality Municipal Income Fund is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is managed by Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of Arizona. The fund invests in municipal securities and other related investments the income, exempt from regular federal and Arizona income taxes that are rated Baa or BBB or better and having an average maturity of 18.66 years. It employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Standard & Poor's (S&P) Arizona Municipal Bond Index and Standard & Poor's (S&P) National Municipal Bond Index. The fund was formerly known as Nuveen Arizona Premium Income Municipal Fund. Nuveen Arizona Quality Municipal Income Fund was formed on November 19, 1992 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
NBB;Nuveen Taxable Municipal Income Fund is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund also invests some portion of its portfolio in derivative instruments. It invests in Build America Bonds, i.e. taxable municipal securities. The fund employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up and top-down stock picking approach to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Capital Build America Bond Index. The fund was formerly known as Nuveen Build America Bond Fund. Nuveen Taxable Municipal Income Fund was formed on December 4, 2009 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
NBHC;National Bank Holdings Corporation operates as the bank holding company for NBH Bank that provides various banking products and financial services to commercial, business, and consumer clients in the United States. It offers deposit products, including checking, savings, money market, health savings, and other deposit accounts, including fixed-rate and fixed maturity time deposits ranging. The company also provides commercial and industrial loans and leases, such as working capital loans, equipment loans, lender finance loans, food and agriculture loans, government and non-profit loans, owner occupied commercial real estate loans, and other commercial loans and leases; non-owner occupied commercial real estate loans consisting of loans on commercial properties, such as hospitality, office buildings, warehouse/distribution buildings, multi-family, and retail buildings; small business administration loans to support small businesses and entrepreneurs; term loans, line of credits, and real estate secured loans; residential real estate loans; and consumer loans. In addition, it offers treasury management solutions comprising online and mobile banking, commercial credit card, wire transfer, automated clearing house, electronic bill payment, lock box, remote deposit capture, merchant processing, cash vault, controlled disbursements, and fraud prevention services, as well as positive pay and other auxiliary services, including account reconciliation, collections, repurchase accounts, zero balance accounts, and sweep accounts. The company operates through a network of banking centers located in Colorado, the greater Kansas City region, New Mexico, Utah, Wyoming, Idaho, and Texas. It also operates ATMs. The company was formerly known as NBH Holdings Corp. and changed its name to National Bank Holdings Corporation in March 2012. The company was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in Greenwood Village, Colorado.;tech
NBR;Nabors Industries Ltd. provides drilling and drilling-related services for land-based and offshore oil and natural gas wells in the United States and internationally. The company operates through four segments: U.S. Drilling, International Drilling, Drilling Solutions, and Rig Technologies. It provides tubular running services, including casing and tubing running, and torque monitoring; managed pressure drilling services; and drilling-bit steering systems and rig instrumentation software. The company also offers drilling systems comprising ROCKit, a directional steering control system; SmartNAV, a collaborative guidance and advisory platform; SmartSLIDE, a directional steering control system; and RigCLOUD, a digital infrastructure that integrate applications to deliver real-time insight into operations across the rig fleet. In addition, it operates a fleet of land-based drilling rigs and marketed platforms rigs; manufactures and sells top drives, catwalks, wrenches, drawworks, and other drilling related equipment, such as robotic systems and downhole tools; and provides aftermarket sales and services for the installed base of its equipment. Nabors Industries Ltd. was founded in 1952 and is based in Hamilton, Bermuda.;tech
NCA;Nuveen California Municipal Value Fund is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of California. The fund invests primarily in municipal securities rated Baa/BBB or better. It invests in securities that provide income exempt from federal and California income tax. The fund employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P California Municipal Bond Index and the S&P National Municipal Bond Index. Nuveen California Municipal Value Fund was formed on October 7, 1987 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
NCDL;Nuveen Churchill Direct Lending Corp. (the Company) is business development company and was formed on March 13, 2018, as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware and was converted into a Maryland corporation on June 18, 2019 prior to the commencement of operations. The Company is a closed-end, externally managed, non-diversified management investment company that has elected to be regulated as a business development company (BDC) under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the 1940 Act). The Company's investment objective is to generate attractive risk-adjusted returns primarily through current income by investing primarily in senior secured loans to private equity-owned U.S. middle market companies, which the Company defines as companies with approximately $10.0 million to $100.0 million of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (EBITDA). The Company will focus on privately originated debt to performing U.S. middle market companies, with a portfolio expected to comprise primarily of first-lien senior secured debt and unitranche loans (other than last-out positions in unitranche loans) (collectively Senior Loans). The Company will also opportunistically invest in junior capital opportunities (second-lien loans, subordinated debt, last-out positions in unitranche loans and equity-related securities) (collectively Junior Capital Investments).;tech
NCLH;Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a cruise company in North America, Europe, the Asia-Pacific, and internationally. It operates the Norwegian Cruise Line, Oceania Cruises, and Regent Seven Seas Cruises brands. The company's brands provide accommodations, multiple dining venues, bars and lounges, spa, casino, and retail shopping areas and entertainment choices, as well as shore excursions at each port, air transportation, and hotel packages. It offers itineraries to destinations, including Europe, Asia, Australia, New Zealand, South America, Africa, Canada, Bermuda, Caribbean, Alaska, and Hawaii. Norwegian Cruise Line Holdings Ltd. was founded in 1966 and is based in Miami, Florida.;tech
NEE;NextEra Energy, Inc., through its subsidiaries, generates, transmits, distributes, and sells electric power to retail and wholesale customers in North America. The company generates electricity through wind, solar, nuclear, natural gas, and other clean energy. It also develops, constructs, and operates long-term contracted assets that consists of clean energy solutions, such as renewable generation facilities, battery storage facilities, and electric transmission facilities; sells energy commodities; and owns, develops, constructs, manages and operates electric generation facilities in wholesale energy markets. The company had approximately 35,052 megawatts of net generating capacity; approximately 91,000 circuit miles of transmission and distribution lines; and 921 substations. It serves approximately 12 million people through approximately 6 million customer accounts in the east and lower west coasts of Florida. The company was formerly known as FPL Group, Inc. and changed its name to NextEra Energy, Inc. in 2010. NextEra Energy, Inc. was founded in 1925 and is headquartered in Juno Beach, Florida.;tech
NET;Cloudflare, Inc. operates as a cloud services provider that delivers a range of services to businesses worldwide. The company provides an integrated cloud-based security solution to secure a range of combination of platforms, including public cloud, private cloud, on-premises, software-as-a-service applications, and Internet of things (IoT) devices; and website and application security products comprising web application firewall, bot management, distributed denial of service protection, API security, SSL/TLS encryption, script management, security center, and rate limiting products. It also offers website and application performance solutions, such as content delivery, load balancing, DNS, agro smart routing, video stream delivery, web optimization, cache reserve, cloudfare waiting room, and cloudfare data localization suite; SASE platform combines network services and Zero Trust security products that provides a cloud-based network-as-a-service; network services, including magic WAN, magic transit, magic firewall, cloudflare network interconnect, and spectrum. In addition, the company provides zero trust security services, including cloudflare access and gateway, remote browser isolation, cloud access security broker, cloud email security, and data loss prevention products. Further, it provides developer-based solutions comprising workers AI, vectorize, AI gateway, cloudflare workers, cloudflare pages, R2 object storage, workers KV, durable objects, D1, hyperdrive, cloudfare stream, cloudfare images, and cloudflare calls; and consumer offerings, such as 1.1.1.1, a DNS resolver, WARP, a virtual private network, and cloudfare registrar that secures registration and management of domain names. The company serves customers in the technology, healthcare, financial services, consumer and retail, industrial, and non-profit industries, as well as government. Cloudflare, Inc. was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
NEU;NewMarket Corporation, through its subsidiaries, primarily engages in the manufacture and sale of petroleum additives. The company offers lubricant additives for use in various vehicle and industrial applications, including engine oils, transmission fluids, off-road powertrain and hydraulic systems, gear oils, hydraulic oils, turbine oils, and other applications where metal-to-metal moving parts are utilized; engine oil additives designed for passenger cars, motorcycles, on and off-road heavy duty commercial equipment, locomotives, and engines in ocean-going vessels; driveline additives designed for products, such as transmission fluids, axle fluids, and off-road powertrain fluids; and industrial additives designed for products for industrial applications consisting of hydraulic fluids, greases, industrial gear fluids, and industrial specialty applications comprising turbine oils. It also provides fuel additives that are used to enhance the oil refining process and the performance of gasoline, diesel, biofuels, and other fuels to industry, government, original equipment manufacturers, and individual customers. In addition, the company engages in the marketing of antiknock compounds, as well as contracted manufacturing and related services; and owns and manages a real property in Virginia. It operates in North America, Latin America, the Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, India, and internationally. NewMarket Corporation was founded in 1887 and is headquartered in Richmond, Virginia.;tech
NEUE;NeueHealth, Inc., a healthcare company, provides various healthcare services for health consumers, providers, and payors in the United States. It operates in two segments, NeueCare and NeueSolutions. The NeueCare segment delivers healthcare services to ACA marketplace, medicare, and medicaid through owned and affiliated clinics. It operates risk-bearing clinics under the Centrum Health and Premier Medical Associates brand names. This segment also offers integrated system care solutions, such as embedded pharmacy, laboratory, radiology, and population health focused specialty services; and chronic care management, transitions of care, and referral management services. The NeueSolutions segment enables providers and medical groups to succeed in performance-based arrangements; and participates in the centers for healthcare access to medicare beneficiaries. The company was formerly known as Bright Health Group, Inc. and changed its name to NeueHealth, Inc. in January 2024. NeueHealth, Inc. was incorporated in 2015 and is headquartered in Doral, Florida.;tech
NEXA;Nexa Resources S.A., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the zinc mining and smelting business worldwide. The company operates in two segments, Mining and Smelting. It produces metallic zinc, zamac, and zinc oxide, as well as by-products, such as copper, lead, silver, gold, sulfuric acid, silver concentrate, copper cement and cadmium sticks, cadmium and cobalt cement, sulfur dioxide, copper sulfate, and zinc ash. The company owns and operates four polymetallic mines, including two located in the Central Andes of Peru; one located in the state of Minas Gerais in Brazil; and one located in the state of Mato Grosso in Brazil. It also owns and operates one zinc smelter in Peru Cajamarquillaand; and two zinc smelters in Brazil, which recovers and produces metallic zinc, zinc oxide, and various by-products, such as sulfuric acid, silver concentrate, and copper cement and sulfate. The company was formerly known as VM Holding S.A. and changed its name to Nexa Resources S.A. in September 2017. The company was founded in 1956 and is based in Luxembourg, Luxembourg. Nexa Resources S.A. is a subsidiary of Votorantim S.A.;tech
NFG;National Fuel Gas Company operates as a diversified energy company. It operates through four segments: Exploration and Production, Pipeline and Storage, Gathering, and Utility. The Exploration and Production segment explores for, develops, and produces natural gas and oil. The Pipeline and Storage segment provides interstate natural gas transportation services through an integrated gas pipeline system in Pennsylvania and New York; and storage services through its underground natural gas storage fields. This segment also transports and stores natural gas for National Fuel Gas Distribution Corporation, as well as for utilities, industrial companies, and power producers in New York State. The Gathering segment builds, owns, and operates gathering facilities in the Appalachian region, as well as provides gathering services to Seneca. The Utility segment sells natural gas to retail customers; and provides natural gas utility services to various customers in Buffalo, Niagara Falls, and Jamestown, New York, as well as in Erie and Sharon, Pennsylvania. National Fuel Gas Company was incorporated in 1902 and is headquartered in Williamsville, New York.;tech
NGG;National Grid plc engages in the transmission and distribution of electricity and gas. It operates through UK Electricity Transmission, UK Electricity Distribution, New England, New York, National Grid Ventures, and Other segments. The UK Electricity Transmission segment provides electricity transmission networks in England and Wales. The UK Electricity Distribution segment offers electricity distribution services in east and west Midlands, Southwest of England, and South Wales. The New England segment provides electricity and gas supply and distribution, and high-voltage electricity transmission services in New England. The New York segment offers electricity and gas distribution, and electricity transmission services in New York. The National Grid Ventures segment provides transmission services through electricity interconnectors and LNG importation at the Isle of Grain. The Other segment engages in the leasing and sale of commercial property, as well as insurance activities in the United Kingdom. The company was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
NGL;NGL Energy Partners LP engages in the transportation, storage, blending, and marketing of crude oil, natural gas liquids, refined products/renewables, and water solutions in the United States. It operates through three segments: Water Solutions, Crude Oil Logistics, and Liquids Logistics. The Water Solutions segment transports, treats, recycles, and disposes produced and flowback water generated from crude oil and natural gas production; aggregates and sells recovered crude oil; disposes solids, such as tank bottoms, and drilling fluid and muds, as well as performs truck and frac tank washouts; and sells produced water for reuse and recycle, and brackish non-potable water. The Crude Oil Logistics segment purchases crude oil from producers and marketers and transports it to refineries for resale at pipeline injection stations, storage terminals, barge loading facilities, rail facilities, refineries, and other trade hubs; and provides storage, terminaling, and transportation services through pipelines and storage tanks. The Liquids Logistics segment natural gas liquids to commercial, retail and industrial customers across the United States and Canada through its five terminals, third-party storage and terminal facilities, nine common carrier pipelines and a fleet of leased railcars. This segment also provides services for marine exports of butane through its facility located in Chesapeake, Virginia; and owns a propane pipeline in Michigan. NGL Energy Holdings LLC serves as the general partner of the company. NGL Energy Partners LP was founded in 1940 and is headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma.;tech
NGS;Natural Gas Services Group, Inc. provides natural gas compression equipment, technology, and services to the energy industry in the United States. The company rents, operates, and maintains natural gas compressors for oil and gas production and processing facilities. It also designs and assembles compressor units for rental; and designs, assembles, and sells compressor components, proprietary compressor frames, and cylinders and parts. In addition, the company provides aftermarket services for its compressors; and exchange and rebuild program for small horsepower screw compressors. Natural Gas Services Group, Inc. was incorporated in 1998 and is headquartered in Midland, Texas.;tech
NGVC;Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, retails natural and organic groceries, and dietary supplements in the United States. The company's stores offer natural and organic grocery products, such as organic produce; private label repackaged bulk products, including dried fruits, nuts, grains, granolas, teas, herbs, and spices, as well as peanut and almond butters; private label products comprising grocery staples, household products, bulk foods, and vitamins and dietary supplements, as well as organic eggs, organic flavored coffee, and organic mustard; dry, frozen, and canned groceries; meat and seafood products; dairy products, dairy substitutes, and eggs; prepared foods; bread and baked products; beverages; and beer, wine, and hard cider products. Its stores also provide name-brand supplements, as well as private label dietary supplements; body care products consisting of cosmetics, skin care, hair care, fragrance, and personal care products containing natural and organic ingredients; pet care and food products; household and general merchandise, including cleaning supplies, paper products, and dish and laundry soaps, as well as other common household products, such as diapers; and books and handouts. The company operates its retail stores under the Natural Grocers, Vitamin Cottage, Health Hotline, Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage trademark, as well as Vitamin Cottage Natural Grocers and Health Hotline trademarks. The company also offers science-based nutrition education programs to help customers make informed health and nutrition choices. The company was formerly known as Vitamin Cottage Natural Food Markets, Inc. Natural Grocers by Vitamin Cottage, Inc. was founded in 1955 and is headquartered in Lakewood, Colorado.;tech
NGVT;Ingevity Corporation manufactures and sells activated carbon products, derivative specialty chemicals, and engineered polymers in North America, the Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and South America. It operates through three segments: Performance Materials, Performance Chemicals, and Advanced Polymer Technologies. The Performance Materials segment engineers, manufactures, and sells hardwood-based and chemically activated carbon products for use in gasoline vapor emission control systems in cars, trucks, motorcycles, and boats. This segment also produces other activated carbon products for food, water, beverage, and chemical purification applications. The Performance Chemicals segment consists of road technologies and industrial specialties. This segment's products are used in pavement construction, pavement preservation, pavement reconstruction and recycling, road markings, agrochemical dispersants, lubricants, certain adhesives, rubber, and other industrial uses. The Advanced Polymer Technologies segment produces caprolactone and caprolactone-based specialty polymers for use in coatings, resins, elastomers, adhesives, bioplastics, and medical devices. It serves automotive parts manufacturers through sales representatives, third-party sales representatives, and distributors. The company was formerly known as WestRock Company, Specialty Chemicals Business and changed its name to Ingevity Corporation in September 2015. Ingevity Corporation was founded in 1964 and is headquartered in North Charleston, South Carolina.;tech
NI;NiSource Inc., an energy holding company, operates as a regulated natural gas and electric utility company in the United States. It operates in two segments, Columbia Operations and NIPSCO Operations. The company provides natural gas to approximately 2.4 million residential, commercial, and industrial customers through approximately 37,200 miles of distribution main pipeline and the associated individual customer service lines; and 330 miles of transmission main pipeline in Ohio, Pennsylvania, Virginia, Kentucky, and Maryland. It also generates, transmits, and distributes electricity to approximately 0.5 million customers in various counties in the northern part of Indiana, as well as engages in wholesale electric and transmission transactions. It owns and operates steam coal generating stations in Wheatfield and Michigan City; combined cycle gas turbine in West Terre Haute; natural gas generating units in Wheatfield; hydro generating plants in Carroll County and White County; wind generating units in White County, Indiana; and solar generating units in Jasper County and White County. The company was formerly known as NIPSCO Industries, Inc. and changed its name to NiSource Inc. in April 1999. NiSource Inc. was founded in 1847 and is headquartered in Merrillville, Indiana.;tech
NIC;Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for Nicolet National Bank that provides banking products and services for businesses and individuals in Wisconsin, Michigan, and Minnesota. The company accepts checking, savings, and money market accounts; various certificates of deposit; and individual retirement accounts. It also offers commercial loans, including commercial, industrial, and business loans and lines of credit; commercial real estate loans; agricultural (AG) production and AG real estate loans; commercial real estate investment loans; construction and land development loans; residential real estate loans, such as residential first lien and junior lien mortgages, home equity loans, lines of credit, and residential construction loans; and consumer loans. In addition, the company provides cash management, international banking, personal brokerage, safe deposit boxes, and trust and fiduciary services, as well as wealth management and retirement plan services. Further, it offers mortgage refinancing; online services, such as commercial, retail, and trust online banking; automated bill payment, mobile banking deposits and account access, and remote deposit capture services; and other services consisting of wire transfers, debit cards, credit cards, pre-paid gift cards, direct deposits, and official bank checks, as well as facilitates crop insurance products. The company was formerly known as Green Bay Financial Corporation and changed its name to Nicolet Bankshares, Inc. in March 2002. The company was incorporated in 2000 and is headquartered in Green Bay, Wisconsin.;tech
NIE;Virtus Equity & Convertible Income Fund is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Allianz Global Investors Fund Management LLC. The fund is co-managed by Allianz Global Investors U.S. LLC. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund invests in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in growth stocks of companies. The fund also invests in income producing convertible securities. It employs fundamental analysis focusing on factors like above-average earnings growth, high return on invested capital, a healthy or improving balance sheet, strong competitive advantages, and development of new technologies to make its investments. The fund was formerly known as AGIC Equity & Convertible Income Fund. Virtus Equity & Convertible Income Fund was formed on Feb 27, 2007 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
NIM;Nuveen Select Maturities Municipal Fund is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund invests primarily in municipal securities rated Baa/BBB or better. It invests in securities that provide income exempt from federal income tax. The fund employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P Intermediate Municipal Bond Index and the S&P National Municipal Bond Index. Nuveen Select Maturities Municipal Fund was formed on September 18, 1992 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
NINE;Nine Energy Service, Inc. operates as an onshore completion services provider that targets unconventional oil and gas resource development in North American basins and internationally. The company offers cementing services, including blending high-grade cement and water with various solid and liquid additives to create a cement slurry that is pumped between the casing and the wellbore of the well. It also provides open hole and cemented completion tool products, such as liner hangers and accessories, fracture isolation packers, frac sleeves, stage one prep tools, casing flotation tools, specialty open hole float equipment, disk subs, composite cement retainers, and centralizers that provide pinpoint frac sleeve system technologies. In addition, the company offers wireline services consisting of plug-and-perf completions, which is a multistage well completion technique for cased-hole wells that consists of deploying perforating guns and isolation tools to a specified depth; and coiled tubing services, which perform wellbore intervention operations utilizing a continuous steel pipe that is transported to the wellsite wound on a large spool. The company was formerly known as NSC-Tripoint, Inc. and changed its name to Nine Energy Service, Inc. in October 2011. Nine Energy Service, Inc. was incorporated in 2011 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
NIO;NIO Inc. designs, develops, manufactures, and sells smart electric vehicles in China, Europe, and internationally. It offers five and six-seater electric SUVs, as well as smart electric sedans. The company also offers power solutions, including Power Home, a home charging solution; Power Swap, a battery-swapping service; Power Charger and Destination Charger; Power Mobile, a mobile charging service through charging vans; Power Map, an application that provides access to a network of public chargers and their real-time information; and One Click for power valet service. In addition, it provides repair, maintenance, and bodywork services through its service centers and authorized third-party service centers; statutory and third-party liability insurance, and vehicle damage insurance through third-party insurers; repair and maintenance; courtesy vehicle; data packages; and auto financing and financial leasing services. Further, the company is involved in the provision of energy and service packages to its users; design and technology development activities; manufacture of electric powertrains, battery packs, and components; and sales and after-sales management activities. The company was formerly known as NextEV Inc. and changed its name to NIO Inc. in July 2017. NIO Inc. was incorporated in 2014 and is based in Shanghai, China.;tech
NJR;New Jersey Resources Corporation, an energy services holding company, distributes natural gas. The company operates through four segments: Natural Gas Distribution, Clean Energy Ventures, Energy Services, and Storage and Transportation. The Natural Gas Distribution segment offers regulated natural gas utility services to residential and commercial customers in Burlington, Middlesex, Monmouth, Morris, Ocean, and Sussex counties in New Jersey; provides capacity and storage management services; and participates in the off-system sales and capacity release markets. The Clean Energy Ventures segment invests in, owns, and operates clean energy projects, including commercial and residential solar installation situated in New Jersey, Rhode Island, New York, Connecticut, Michigan, and Indiana. The Energy Services segment maintains and operates natural gas transportation and storage capacity contracts, as well as provides physical wholesale energy, retail energy and energy management services. The Storage and Transportation segment invests in energy-related ventures. It provides heating, ventilation, and cooling services; sales and installation of appliances; solar equipment installation, and plumbing repair and installation services, as well as holds commercial real estate properties. The company was founded in 1922 and is headquartered in Wall, New Jersey.;tech
NKE;NIKE, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, markets, and sells athletic and casual footwear, apparel, equipment, accessories, and services for men, women, and kids in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Greater China, the Asia Pacific, and Latin America. The company offers its products under the NIKE, Jordan, Jumpman, Converse, Chuck Taylor, All Star, One Star, Star Chevron, and Jack Purcell trademarks. It also provides a line of performance equipment and accessories, including bags, socks, sport balls, eyewear, timepieces, digital devices, bats, gloves, protective equipment, and other equipment for sports activities, as well as various plastic products to other manufacturers; distributes and licenses casual sneakers, apparel, and accessories; and markets apparel with licensed college and professional team and league logos. In addition, the company offers consumer services and experiences, including sport focused events and activations; fitness and activity apps; sport, fitness, and wellness content; and digital services and features in retail stores. It sells its products to footwear stores; sporting goods stores; athletic specialty stores; department stores; skate, tennis, and golf shops; and other wholesale accounts through NIKE-owned retail stores, independent distributors, licensees, sales representatives, and digital platforms. The company was formerly known as Blue Ribbon Sports, Inc. and changed its name to NIKE, Inc. in May 1971. NIKE, Inc. was founded in 1964 and is headquartered in Beaverton, Oregon.;tech
NKX;Nuveen California AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Asset Management, LLC and Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of California, United States. The fund primarily invests in undervalued municipal securities and other related investments the income which are exempt from regular federal and California income taxes and are rated Baa, BBB or higher with an average maturity of 20.17 years. It employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up approach to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Standard & Poor's (S&P) California Municipal Bond Index and the S&P National Municipal Bond Index. It was formerly known as Nuveen California AMT-Free Municipal Income Fund. Nuveen California AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund was formed on November 21, 2002 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
NL;NL Industries, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates in the component products industry in Europe, North America, the Asia Pacific, and internationally. The company manufactures and sells mechanical and electronic cabinet locks and other locking mechanisms, including disc tumbler locks; pin tumbler locking mechanisms under KeSet, System 64, TuBar, and Turbine brands; and electronic locks under CompX eLock and StealthLock brands for use in various applications, such as mailboxes, ignition systems, file cabinets, desk drawers, tool storage cabinets, high security medical cabinetry, integrated inventory and access control secured narcotics boxes, electronic circuit panels, storage compartments, gas station security, vending, and cash containment machines. It also offers original equipment and aftermarket stainless steel exhaust headers, exhaust pipes, mufflers, and other exhaust components; gauges, such as GPS speedometers and tachometers; mechanical, electronic controls, and throttles; wake enhancement devices, trim tabs, steering wheels, and billet aluminum accessories; dash panels, LED indicators, wire harnesses; and grab handles, pin cleats, and other accessories for performance and ski/wakeboard and performance boats. In addition, the company produces and markets value-added titanium dioxide pigments, a base industrial product used in imparting whiteness, brightness, opacity, and durability to a diverse range of customer applications and end-use markets, including coatings, plastics, paper, inks, cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, and other industrial and consumer products. The company sells its component products directly to original equipment manufacturers, as well as through distributors. NL Industries, Inc. was founded in 1891 and is based in Dallas, Texas. NL Industries, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Valhi, Inc.;tech
NLOP;Net Lease Office Properties (NYSE: NLOP) is a publicly traded real estate investment trust with a portfolio of 37 high-quality office properties, totaling approximately 5.5 million leasable square feet primarily leased to corporate tenants on a single-tenant net lease basis. The vast majority of the office properties owned by NLOP are located in the U.S., with the balance in Europe. The portfolio consists of 41 corporate tenants operating in a variety of industries, generating annualized based rent (ABR) of approximately $88 million. NLOP's business plan is to focus on realizing value for its shareholders primarily through strategic asset management and disposition of its property portfolio over time. Given WPC's extensive knowledge of the portfolio, NLOP is externally managed and advised by wholly owned affiliates of WPC to successfully execute on its business strategy. Over the course of its more than 50-year history, WPC has developed significant expertise in the single-tenant office real estate sector, including the operation, leasing, acquisition and development of assets through many market cycles, and has a proven track record of execution.;tech
NMAX;Newsmax Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates as a television broadcaster and multi-platform content publisher in the United States. It operates through two segments: Broadcasting and Digital. The Broadcasting segment produces and licenses news, business news, and lifestyle content for distribution through cable television systems, direct broadcast satellite operators, and telecommunication companies. This segment also provides programming services through Newsmax and Newsmax2, which offer 24/7 television news and informational programming channels through cable and digital streaming platforms; and World at War that offers 24/7 historical documentaries and movies. The Digital segment provides online advertising services, including online display, email advertising, other online placements, and print advertisements; subscriptions, including a collection of specialized health and financial newsletters, Newsmax Magazine, and online membership programs; and sells nutraceutical and nonfiction books on political, financial, and health-related topics. The company was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in Boca Raton, Florida. Newsmax Inc. operates as a subsidiary of the Christopher Ruddy Revocable Trust.;tech
NMG;Nouveau Monde Graphite Inc. engages in the acquisition, exploration, development, and evaluation of mineral properties in Quebec, Canada. It primarily explores for graphite. The company's flagship property is the 100% owned Matawinie graphite property including 176 mining claims covering an area of 9,264 hectares located in Quebec. It also involved in the real estate and trading activities. The company was formerly known as Nouveau Monde Mining Enterprises Inc. and changed its name to Nouveau Monde Graphite Inc. in February 2017. The company was founded in 2012 and is headquartered in Saint-Michel-Des-Saints, Canada.;tech
NMM;Navios Maritime Partners L.P. owns and operates dry cargo vessels in Asia, Europe, North America, and Australia. It offers seaborne transportation services for a range of liquid and dry cargo commodities, including crude oil, refined petroleum, chemicals, iron ore, coal, grain, fertilizer, and containers, as well as charters its vessels under short, medium, and longer-term charters. The company fleet consists of 69 dry bulk vessels, 49 containerships, and 56 tanker vessels, that includes 18 newbuilding tankers. Navios Maritime Partners L.P. was founded in 2007 and is based in Piraeus, Greece.;tech
NMR;Nomura Holdings, Inc. provides various financial services to individuals, corporations, financial institutions, governments, and governmental agencies worldwide. It operates through three segments: Wealth Management, Investment Management, and Wholesale. The Wealth Management segment offers various financial products and investment consultation services. The Investment Management segment offers investment trust management, discretionary investment services, and investment funds. The Wholesale segment is involved in the sale, trading, services in bonds, equities, foreign exchange, and derivatives for institutional investors. This segment also engages in underwriting various securities and other financial instruments, such as various classes of shares, convertible and exchangeable securities, investment grade and high yield debts, sovereign and emerging market debts, structured securities, and other securities; arranging private placements, as well as other capital raising activities; and provision of financial advisory services on business transactions comprising mergers and acquisitions, divestitures, spin-offs, capital structuring, corporate defense activities, leveraged buyouts, and risk solutions. The company was formerly known as The Nomura Securities Co., Ltd. and changed its name to Nomura Holdings, Inc. in October 2001. Nomura Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in 1925 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.;tech
NMT;Nuveen Massachusetts Quality Municipal Income Fund is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of Massachusetts, United States. The fund primarily invests in undervalued municipal securities and other related investments which are exempt from regular federal and Massachusetts income taxes. It seeks to invest in investment grade securities that are rated Baa/BBB or above by S&P, Moody's, or Fitch. The fund employs fundamental analysis with a focus on bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Standard & Poor's (S&P) Massachusetts Municipal Bond Index and Standard & Poor's (S&P) National Municipal Bond Index. The fund was formerly known as Nuveen Massachusetts Premium Income Municipal Fund. Nuveen Massachusetts Quality Municipal Income Fund was formed on January 12, 1993 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
NNI;Nelnet, Inc. engages in loan servicing, education technology services, and payment businesses worldwide. The company operates through four segments: Loan Servicing and Systems, Education Technology Services and Payments, Asset Generation and Management, and Nelnet Bank. The Loan Servicing and Systems segment provides loan conversion, application processing, borrower updates, customer, payment processing, due diligence procedures, funds management reconciliation, and claim processing services. This segment also offers student loan servicing software; and business process outsourcing services primarily in contact center management, such as inbound calls, outreach campaigns and sales, and interacting with customers through multi-channels, and processing and administrative services. The Education Technology Services and Payments segment provides financial management services; school information system software; a donation platform; education technology solutions; and customized professional development and coaching, and advanced learning and educational instruction services. This segment also offers tuition payment plans, and service and technology for student billings, payments, and refunds; solutions for in-person, online, and mobile payment experiences on campus; payment processing services, such as credit card and electronic transfer; learning management system; an integrated commerce payment platform; and a school management platform that provides administrative, information and financial management, and communication functions for K-12 schools. The Asset Generation and Management segment acquires, manages, and owns loan assets. The Nelnet Bank segment operates as an internet industrial bank. It also offers investment advisory, investment, and reinsurance services, as well as engages in the real estate investment; and solar engineering, procurement, and construction businesses. The company was incorporated in 1977 and is headquartered in Lincoln, Nebraska.;tech
NNN;NNN invests in high-quality properties subject generally to long-term, net leases with minimal ongoing capital expenditures. As of June 30, 2025, the Company owned 3,663 properties in 50 states with a gross leasable area of approximately 38.3 million square feet and a weighted average remaining lease term of 10 years. NNN is one of only three publicly traded real estate investment trusts to have increased annual dividends for 36 or more consecutive years.;tech
NNY;Nuveen New York Municipal Value Fund, Inc. is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of New York. The fund invests in tax exempt municipal bonds, with a rating of Baa/BBB or higher. It employs fundamental analysis, with bottom-up stock picking approach, to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Standard & Poor's New York Municipal Bond Index and Standard & Poor's National Municipal Bond Index. Nuveen New York Municipal Value Fund, Inc. was formed on October 7, 1987 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
NOA;North American Construction Group Ltd. provides mining and heavy civil construction services to customers in the resource development and industrial construction sectors in Australia, Canada, and the United States. The company operates Heavy Equipment - Canada, Heavy Equipment - Australia, and Other segments. It offers mine management services for a thermal coal mine; and construction and operations support services in Canadian oil sands region. The company also provides fully maintained heavy equipment rentals at metallurgical and thermal coal mines; heavy equipment rentals to iron ore, gold and lithium producers; and heavy equipment maintenance, component remanufacturing, and full equipment rebuild services to mining companies and other heavy equipment operators, as well as supplies production-critical components to the mining and construction industry. The company was formerly known as North American Energy Partners Inc. and changed its name to North American Construction Group Ltd. in April 2018. North American Construction Group Ltd. was incorporated in 1953 and is headquartered in Acheson, Canada.;tech
NOAH;Noah Holdings Limited, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a wealth and asset management service provider with the focus on investment and asset allocation services for high net worth individuals and corporate entities in Mainland of China, Hong Kong, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Wealth Management, Asset Management, and Other Services. The company offers investment products, including domestic and overseas mutual fund products, private secondary products, and other products; customized value-added financial services, such as investor education and trust services, as well as insurance brokerage services; and insurance products. It also provides onshore and offshore private equity, real estate, public securities, multi-strategy, and other investment products, as well as lending services. Noah Holdings Limited was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Shanghai, the People's Republic of China.;tech
NOC;Northrop Grumman Corporation operates as an aerospace and defense technology company in the United States, the Asia/Pacific, Europe, and internationally. The company's Aeronautics Systems segment designs, develops, manufactures, integrates, sustains, and modernizes aircraft systems. This segment also offers unmanned autonomous aircraft systems, including high-altitude long-endurance strategic, and surveillance and reconnaissance systems; and strategic long-range strike aircraft, tactical fighter and air dominance aircraft, and airborne battle management and command and control systems. Its Defense Systems segment designs, develops, integrates, and produces strategic deterrent systems, tactical weapons, and missile defense solutions; and provides sustainment, modernization, and training services for manned and unmanned aircraft and electronics systems. This segment also offers strategic missiles; integrated all-domain command and control systems; precision strike weapons; tactical solid rocket motors, and high speed air-breathing and hypersonic systems; high-performance gun systems, ammunition, precision munitions, and advanced fuzes; and aircraft and mission systems logistics support, sustainment, operation, and modernization. The company's Mission Systems segment provides command, control, communication and computer, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance systems; radar, electro-optical/infrared, and acoustic sensors; electronic warfare systems; advanced communications and network systems; microelectronics; navigation and positioning sensors; maritime power, propulsion, and payload launch systems; cyber solutions; and intelligence processing systems. Its Space Systems segment offers satellites, spacecraft systems, subsystems, sensors, and payloads; ground systems; missile defense systems and interceptors; and launch vehicles and related propulsion systems. Northrop Grumman Corporation was founded in 1939 and is based in Falls Church, Virginia.;tech
NOG;Northern Oil and Gas, Inc., an independent energy company, engages in the acquisition, exploration, exploitation, development, and production of crude oil and natural gas properties in the United States. The company was founded in 2006 and is headquartered in Minnetonka, Minnesota.;tech
NOK;Nokia Oyj, together with its subsidiaries, provides mobile, fixed, and cloud network solutions in North and Latin America, Greater China, India, rest of the Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. It operates in four segments: Network Infrastructure, Mobile Networks, Cloud and Network Services, and Nokia Technologies. The company offers fixed network solutions, such as fiber and copper technologies, access infrastructure, in-home Wi-Fi solutions, and cloud and virtualization services; IP network solutions, which delivers IP routing and data center networking solutions for residential, mobile, enterprise, and cloud applications; and optical networks solutions, which provides optical transport networks for metro, regional, and long-haul applications. It also provides mobile technology products and services for radio access networks and microwave radio links for transport networks; and network management solutions, as well as network planning, optimization, network deployment, and technical support services. In addition, the company offers cloud and network services, including open, secure, automated, and scalable software and solutions; and 5G core, secure autonomous networks, private wireless and industrial edge, and network APIs. Further, it licenses intellectual property, including patents, technologies, and the Nokia brand. The company serves its products and services to communications service providers, industrial enterprises, governments, digital industries, webscales and hyperscalers, licensees, and the defense sector. Nokia Oyj was founded in 1865 and is headquartered in Espoo, Finland.;tech
NOM;Nuveen Missouri Quality Municipal Income Fund is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of Missouri. The fund invests in undervalued municipal securities and other related investments the income from which is exempt from regular federal and Missouri income taxes. It seeks to invest in investment grade securities. The fund employs fundamental analysis with a focus on bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against Standard & Poor's (S&P) Missouri Municipal Bond Index and Standard & Poor's (S&P) National Municipal Bond Index. The fund was formerly known as Nuveen Missouri Premium Income Municipal Fund. Nuveen Missouri Quality Municipal Income Fund was formed on March 29, 1993 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
NOMD;Nomad Foods Limited, together with its subsidiaries, manufactures, markets, and distributes a range of frozen food products in the United Kingdom and internationally. It offers frozen fish products, including fish fingers, coated fish, and natural fish; ready-to-cook vegetable products, such as peas and spinach; and frozen poultry and meat products comprising nuggets, grills, and burgers. The company also provides meal products that include ready-to-cook noodles, pasta, lasagna, pancakes, and other ready-made meals; ice creams, such as in-home and out-of-home ice creams; and other products consisting of soups, pizzas, bakery goods, and meat substitutes. It sells its products to supermarkets and food retail chains primarily under the Birds Eye, Green Cuisine, iglo, Findus, Aunt Bessie's, Goodfella's, Frikom, Ledo, La Cocinera, and Belviva brand names. Nomad Foods Limited was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Woking, the United Kingdom.;tech
NOTE;FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. operates as a technology provider for global policy and market intelligence in North America, Europe, Australia, and Asia. The company delivers legal and policy insights in political, regulatory, and macroeconomic environments by combining artificial intelligence and other technologies with analytics and workflow tools. It also provides data and information that enables customers to manage policy change, address regulatory developments, and mitigate policy risk; and offers intelligence through its suite of public policy and issues management products, as well as provides powerful tools to manage workflows, advocacy campaigns, and constituent relationships. The company serves global enterprises, midsized and smaller businesses, government institutions, trade groups, and nonprofits. FiscalNote Holdings, Inc. was founded in 2013 and is headquartered in Washington, the District of Columbia.;tech
NOV;NOV Inc. designs, constructs, manufactures, and sells systems, components, and products for oil and gas drilling and production, and industrial and renewable energy sectors in the United States and internationally. It operates through two segments, Energy Equipment, and Energy Products and Services. The Energy Equipment segment offers equipment and systems, spare parts, repair, and rentals; hydration units, chemical additive systems, blenders, and control systems, as well as centrifugal pumps, valves, seats, and flowline equipment; coiled tubing units, injector heads, tubing strings, pressure control, and nitrogen support equipment; electric line and slickline trucks and skids, and pressure control equipment; drilling rigs, wind turbine installation vessels, other offshore construction vessels, and specialized equipment and machinery. This segment also offers integrated processing solutions; subsea production systems; production and midstream equipment, including cavity pumps, closures, transfer pumps, chokes and valves, and artificial lift support systems; and mixers and heat exchangers. The Energy Products and Services segment offers roller cone drill bits, borehole enlargement tools, and coring tools and services; downhole drilling motors, agitator systems, and thru-tubing tools; dissolvable frac plugs, frac sleeves, toe initiation burst port systems, and recyclable setting tools; electric submersible pumps, high viscosity pumps, and surface pumps; tubular inspection and coating services; solids control and waste management services; transport and storage, and water management solutions; rotating control devices, managed pressure drilling manifolds, full drilling control network integration, and engineering services; drill pipe; conductor casing connection; and composite and digital solution. The company was formerly known as National Oilwell Varco, Inc. and changed its name to NOV Inc. in January 2021. NOV Inc. was founded in 1862 and is based in Houston, Texas.;tech
NOW;ServiceNow, Inc. provides cloud-based solution for digital workflows in the North America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific, and internationally. The company operates the Now platform, an AI platform for digital transformation machine learning, robotic process automation, process mining, analytics, and low-code/no-code development tools. It also provides asset management, integrated risk management, IT service management, Operational Technology management, Security Operations, strategic portfolio management, IT operations management products; customer service management product; and field service management applications. In addition, the company offers human resources, legal, and workplace service delivery products; app engine product; automation engine; platform privacy and security product; and source-to-pay operations. Further, ServiceNow, Inc. develops and operates a mobile-enabled manufacturing application. It serves government, financial services, healthcare and life science, manufacturing, Public Sector, retail, IT services, technology, and Telecom sectors through service providers and resale partners. The company was formerly known as Service-now.com and changed its name to ServiceNow, Inc. in May 2012. ServiceNow, Inc. was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Santa Clara, California.;tech
NPB;Northpointe Bancshares, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for Northpointe Bank provides various banking products and services in the United States. It operates through two segments: Mortgage Purchase Program and Retail Banking. The company offers digital deposit banking, such as noninterest-bearing accounts, savings, money-market demand accounts, and certificates of deposits; personal and business banking; and health saving accounts; home loans; mortgage purchase program; residential mortgage lending; and custodial deposit services. Northpointe Bancshares, Inc. was incorporated in 1998 and is headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan.;tech
NPK;National Presto Industries, Inc. provides housewares and small appliance, defense, and safety products in North America. The company's Housewares/Small Appliance segment designs, markets, and distributes housewares and small electrical appliances, including pressure cookers and canners; kitchen electrics, and comfort appliances; heat control line of skillets, griddles, woks, and multi-purpose cookers; slow cookers; deep fryers; air fryers; waffle makers; pizza ovens; slicer/shredders; electric heaters; corn poppers; dehydrators; vacuum sealers; microwave bacon cookers; coffeemakers and coffeemaker accessories; electric knife sharpeners; and timers under the Presto Control Master brand. This segment sells its products directly to retailers, as well as through independent distributors. Its Defense segment manufactures and sells 40mm ammunition, precision mechanical and electro-mechanical products, medium caliber cartridge cases, and metal parts; and detonators, booster pellets, release cartridges, lead azide, other military energetic devices and materials, and assemblies. This segment primarily serves the United States Department of Defense (DOD) and DOD prime contractors. The company's Safety segment patented machine learning, digital sensors, and cloud-based technology to monitor freezers and refrigerators that detects and alerts users to potential safety issues around pharmaceuticals and food. National Presto Industries, Inc. was founded in 1905 and is based in Eau Claire, Wisconsin.;tech
NPKI;NPK International Inc., a temporary worksite access solutions company, manufactures, sells, and rents recyclable composite matting products. The company engages in the installation and rental of matting systems, and related site construction and services to customers in various markets, including power transmission, oil and natural gas exploration and production, pipeline, renewable energy, petrochemical, construction, and other industries in the United States and United Kingdom. It also offers recyclable composite mats to customers worldwide; and access road construction, site planning and preparation, environmental protection, erosion control, and site restoration services. The company was formerly known as Newpark Resources, Inc. and changed its name to NPK International Inc. in December 2024. The company was incorporated in 1932 and is headquartered in The Woodlands, Texas.;tech
NPO;Enpro Inc., an industrial technology company, design, develops, manufactures, and markets proprietary, value-added products and solutions to safeguard critical environments in the United States, Europe, Asia Pacific, and internationally. It operates in two segments, Sealing Technologies and Advanced Surface Technologies. The Sealing Technologies segment offers single-use hygienic seals, tubing, components and assemblies for food and pharma markets; metallic, non-metallic and composite material gaskets; dynamic seals; compression packing; elastomeric components; custom-engineered mechanical seals; hydraulic components; expansion joints; and wall penetration products for chemical and petrochemical processing, nuclear energy, hydrogen, natural gas, food and biopharmaceutical processing, primary metal manufacturing, mining, water and waste treatment, commercial vehicle, aerospace, medical, filtration, and semiconductor fabrication industries. The Advanced Surface Technologies segment offers cleaning, coating, testing, refurbishment, and verification services for critical components and assemblies used in semiconductor manufacturing equipment; optical filters and proprietary thin-film coatings for applications in the industrial technology, life sciences, and semiconductor markets; optical filters and thin-film coatings for applications in the industrial technology, life sciences, and semiconductor markets; front-end wafer processing sub-systems, and new and refurbished electrostatic chuck pedestals for the semiconductor equipment industry; and edge-welded metal bellows for the semiconductor equipment industry and applications in the space, aerospace, and defense markets. The company was formerly known as EnPro Industries, Inc. and changed its name to Enpro Inc. in December 2023. Enpro Inc. was incorporated in 2002 and is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina.;tech
NPV;Nuveen Virginia Quality Municipal Income Fund is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of Virginia. The fund invests primarily in municipal securities rated Baa/BBB or better. It invests in securities that provide income exempt from federal and Virginia income tax. The fund employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P National Municipal Bond Index and the S&P Virginia Municipal Bond Index. The fund was formerly known as Nuveen Virginia Premium Income Municipal Fund. Nuveen Virginia Quality Municipal Income Fund was formed on January 12, 1993 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
NPWR;NET Power Inc. operates as an energy technology company in the United States. Its technology includes NET Power Cycle, a power generation system that produces electricity from natural gas while capturing atmospheric emissions. The company was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in Durham, North Carolina.;tech
NQP;Nuveen Pennsylvania Quality Municipal Income Fund is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of Pennsylvania. The fund invests in tax exempt municipal bonds, with a rating of Baa/BBB or higher. It employs fundamental analysis, with bottom-up stock picking approach, to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Standard & Poor's Pennsylvania Municipal Bond Index and Standard & Poor's National Municipal Bond Index. The fund was formerly known a Nuveen Pennsylvania Investment Quality Municipal Fund. Nuveen Pennsylvania Quality Municipal Income Fund was formed on December 20, 1990 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
NRDY;Nerdy, Inc. operates platform for live online learning in the United States. The company's platform uses artificial intelligence to connect students, users, parents, guardians, and purchasers of various ages to tutors, instructors, subject matter experts, educators, and other professionals. Its learning destination provides learning experiences across various subjects and multiple formats, including one-on-one instruction, small group tutoring, large format classes, tutor chat, essay review, adaptive assessment, and self-study tools. The company operates Varsity Tutors and Varsity Tutors for Schools platform for live online tutoring and classes. It provides solutions directly to learners, as well as through education systems. The company was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Saint Louis, Missouri.;tech
NRG;NRG Energy, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an energy and home services company in the United States and Canada. It operates through Texas; East; West/Services/Other; Vivint Smart Home; and Corporate Activities segments. The company produces and sells electricity generated using coal, oil, solar, and battery storage; natural gas; and a cloud-based home platform, including hardware, software, sales, installation, customer service, technical support, and professional monitoring solutions. It offers retail electricity and energy management, line and surge protection products, HVAC installation, repair and maintenance, home protection products, repair and maintenance, and carbon offsets; retail services comprising demand response, commodity sales, energy efficiency, and energy management solutions; and system power, distributed generation, renewable and low-carbon products, carbon management and specialty services, backup generation, storage and distributed solar, and energy advisory services. In addition, the company trades in power, natural gas, and related commodities; environmental products; weather products; and financial products, including forwards, futures, options, and swaps. It offers its products and services under the NRG, Reliant, Direct Energy, Green Mountain Energy, and Vivint. It serves residential, commercial, government, industrial, and wholesale customers. NRG Energy, Inc. was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
NRGV;Energy Vault Holdings, Inc. develops and deploys utility-scale energy storage solutions in United States, Australia, and internationally. The company offers B-Vault, an electrochemical battery energy storage solution for short-duration energy storage needs; B-Nest, a structure designed to house batteries for onsite energy storage serving space-constrained project sites; G-Vault, a gravity energy storage solution for long-duration energy storage needs; and H-Vault, a hydrogen or hybrid energy storage solution. It also provides software solutions, such as Vault-OS Energy Management System that manages one or more energy storage mediums and the underlying generation assets; Vault-Bidder, which utilizes machine learning algorithms to match node-specific data with real-time weather and asset performance information; and Vault-Manager, which safeguards asset management and to help blend developing technologies. Energy Vault Holdings, Inc. was founded in 2020 and is headquartered in Westlake Village, California.;tech
NRK;Nuveen New York AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of New York. The fund invests in undervalued municipal securities and other related investments the income, covered by insurance from insurers with a claims-paying ability, exempt from regular federal and New York income tax and are rated Baa, BBB or better and having an average maturity of 15.98 years. It employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Standard & Poor's (S&P) New York Municipal Bond Index and the Standard & Poor's (S&P) Insured National Municipal Bond Index. It was formerly known as Nuveen New York AMT-Free Municipal Income Fund. Nuveen New York AMT-Free Quality Municipal Income Fund was formed on July 29, 2002 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
NRP;Natural Resource Partners L.P., together with its subsidiaries, owns, manages, and leases a portfolio of mineral properties in the United States. The company operates in two segments, Mineral Rights and Soda Ash. The company owns interests in coal, soda ash, trona, and other natural resources. Its coal reserves are primarily located in the Appalachia Basin, the Illinois Basin, and the Northern Powder River Basin in the United States; industrial minerals and aggregates properties located in the United States; and oil and gas properties located in Louisiana. The company leases a portion of its reserves in exchange for royalty payments; and owns and leases transportation and processing infrastructure related to coal properties. NRP (GP) LP serves as the general partner of the company. Natural Resource Partners L.P. was incorporated in 2002 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
NRT;North European Oil Royalty Trust, a grantor trust, holds overriding royalty rights covering gas and oil production in various concessions or leases in the Federal Republic of Germany. The company also has rights under contracts with German exploration and development subsidiaries of ExxonMobil Corp. and the Royal Dutch/Shell Group of Companies. In addition, it holds royalties for the sale of gas well gas, oil well gas, crude oil, condensate, and sulfur. North European Oil Royalty Trust was founded in 1975 and is based in Keene, New Hampshire.;tech
NSC;Norfolk Southern Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the rail transportation of raw materials, intermediate products, and finished goods in the United States. The company transports agriculture, forest, and consumer products comprising soybeans, wheat, corn, fertilizers, livestock and poultry feed, food products, food oils, flour, sweeteners, ethanol, lumber and wood products, pulp board and paper products, wood fibers, wood pulp, beverages, and canned goods; chemicals consist of sulfur and related chemicals, petroleum products comprising crude oil, chlorine and bleaching compounds, plastics, rubber, industrial chemicals, chemical wastes, sand, and natural gas liquids; metals and construction materials, such as steel, aluminum products, machinery, scrap metals, cement, aggregates, minerals, clay, transportation equipment, and military-related products; and automotive, including finished motor vehicles and automotive parts, as well as coal. It also transports overseas freight through various Atlantic and Gulf Coast ports; and operates an intermodal network. Norfolk Southern Corporation was incorporated in 1980 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
NSP;Insperity, Inc. engages in the provision of human resources (HR) and business solutions to improve business performance for small and medium-sized businesses primarily in the United States. It offers its HR services through its workforce optimization and workforce synchronization solutions that include a range of human resources functions, such as payroll and employment administration, employee benefits, workers' compensation, government compliance, performance management, and training and development services. The company also provides Insperity Premier, a cloud-based human capital management platform that offers professional employer organization HR outsourcing solutions to its clients; people management services; and employer liability management services, as well as solutions for middle market. In addition, it offers human capital management and payroll services solution; integrated payroll; benefits administration; HR administration and employee onboarding; time and attendance; performance management; reporting and analytics; recruiting; employment screening; retirement; and insurance services. The company was formerly known as Administaff, Inc. and changed its name to Insperity, Inc. in March 2011. Insperity, Inc. was founded in 1986 and is headquartered in Kingwood, Texas.;tech
NTB;The Bank of N.T. Butterfield & Son Limited provides a range of community, commercial, and private banking services to individuals and small to medium-sized businesses. The company accepts retail and corporate checking, savings, term, and interest bearing and non-interest-bearing deposits. Its lending portfolio includes residential mortgage lending, automobile lending, consumer financing, credit cards, overdraft facilities, commercial real estate lending, and commercial and industrial loans, as well as overdraft facilities to commercial and corporate customers. The company also offers investment products and services; and cash and liquidity management, foreign exchange, custody administration, and settlement services. In addition, it provides consumer and mortgage lending services; personal and property/auto insurance products; letters of credit; and cash management, payroll, remote banking, money market, advisory, brokerage, trust, estate, company management, treasury, wealth management, and fiduciary services. Further, it offers debit and credit cards; automated teller machines; and personal and business deposit, merchant acquiring, residential and commercial mortgages, and mobile and internet banking services. The company operates through offices in the Cayman Islands, Guernsey, Jersey, the United Kingdom, The Bahamas, Hong Kong, Switzerland, Singapore, Mauritius, and Canada, as well as Bermuda. The Bank of N.T. Butterfield & Son Limited was founded in 1784 and is headquartered in Hamilton, Bermuda.;tech
NTR;Nutrien Ltd. provides crop inputs and services. The company operates through four segments: Nutrien Ag Solutions, Potash, Nitrogen, and Phosphate. The Nutrien Ag Solutions segment distributes crop nutrients, crop protection products, seeds, and merchandise products; product application, soil and leaf testing, crop scouting, precision agriculture, water, and brokerage agency services; and financing solutions. The Potash segment provides granular and standard potash products. The Nitrogen segment offers ammonia, urea, environmentally smart nitrogen, nitrogen solutions, nitrates, and sulfates. The Phosphate segment provides solid fertilizer, liquid fertilizer, and industrial and feed products. The company was incorporated in 2017 and is headquartered in Saskatoon, Canada.;tech
NTST;NETSTREIT Corp. is an internally managed real estate investment trust (REIT) based in Dallas, Texas that specializes in acquiring single-tenant net lease retail properties nationwide. The growing portfolio consists of high-quality properties leased to e-commerce resistant tenants with healthy balance sheets. Led by a management team of seasoned commercial real estate executives, NETSTREIT's strategy is to create the highest quality net lease retail portfolio in the country with the goal of generating consistent cash flows and dividends for its investors.;tech
NTZ;Natuzzi S.p.A., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the design, manufacture, and marketing of leather and fabric upholstered furniture. The company offers stationary furniture, such as sofas, loveseats, and armchairs; sectional furniture; motion furniture; sofa beds; occasional chairs, including recliners and massage chairs; home furnishing accessories, including coffee tables, lamps, rugs, and wall units; and home accessories, which include vases, mirrors, magazines racks, trays, and decorative objects. It also sells polyurethane foam and leather processing by-products. It operates Natuzzi Italia stores; Divani&Divani by Natuzzi stores; and Natuzzi Editions stores. The company offers products through its own and franchised stores in the United States, Italy, China, Brazil, Spain, Mexico, Canada, Australia, Belgium, the United Arab Emirates, South Korea, Israel, Taiwan, the United Kingdom, and internationally. The company was formerly known as Industrie Natuzzi S.p.A. and changed its name to Natuzzi S.p.A. in June 2002. Natuzzi S.p.A. was incorporated in 1959 and is headquartered in Santeramo In Colle, Italy.;tech
NU;Nu Holdings Ltd. provides digital banking platform in Brazil, Mexico, Colombia, the Cayman Islands, and the United States. It offers spending solutions comprising Nu credit and prepaid card, a digitally enabled card that acts as a credit and a prepaid card; Nubank+ Tier, an evolution of the Nu experience; Ultraviolet credit and prepaid card, a premium metal credit card; mobile payment solutions for NuAccount customers to make and receive transfers, pay bills, and make everyday purchases through their mobile phones; and Nu Shopping, an integrated marketplace that enables customers to purchase goods and services from various ecommerce retailers. The company also provides transactional Solutions, such as Nu Personal Accounts, a digital account solution for personal financial activities; Nu business accounts for entrepreneur customers and their businesses; and Nu business prepaid and credit card. In addition, it offers savings and investing solutions, including Money Boxes, a solution for goal-based investing; investing solutions, an attractive investment product with customized and conflict-free guidance; and NuCrypto, a solution for buying and selling cryptocurrencies through the Nu app. Further, the company provides borrowing solutions comprising personal unsecured and secured loans; Pix financing that enables credit card and digital account customers to make free and instant peer-to-peer transfers; Boleto financing, which enables credit card and digital account customers to make payments; purchase financing; cash-in financing; and NuPay to make online purchases and pay for services through Nu app. Additionally, it offers protection solutions, such as NuInsurance protection solutions, including life, mobile, auto, home, and financial protection insurance policies; and beyond financial services solutions, including NuTravel, a travel portal; and NuCel, a mobile phone service. Nu Holdings Ltd. was founded in 2013 and is headquartered in São Paulo, Brazil.;tech
NUE;Nucor Corporation engages in the manufacture and sale of steel and steel products. The company operates in three segments: Steel Mills, Steel Products, and Raw Materials. The Steel Mills segment produces hot-rolled, cold-rolled, and galvanized sheet steel products; plate steel products; wide-flange beams, beam blanks, and H-piling and sheet piling structural steel products; and bar steel products, such as blooms, billets, concrete reinforcing and merchant bars, and engineered special bar quality products. It also engages in the steel trading and rebar distribution businesses. This segment sells its products to steel service centers, fabricators, and manufacturers in the United States, Canada, and Mexico. The Steel Products segment offers steel joists and joist girders, steel decks, and galvanized torque tubes for used in solar arrays, hollow structural section steel tubing, electrical conduit, fabricated concrete reinforcing steel, cold finished steel, steel fasteners, steel grating and expanded metal, wire and wire mesh, metal building systems, insulated metal panels, steel racking, overhead doors, and utility towers and structures for communications and energy transmission. This segment is also involved in the piling distribution business. The Raw Materials segment produces direct reduced iron (DRI); brokers ferrous and nonferrous metals, pig iron, hot briquetted iron, and DRI; supplies ferro-alloys; processes ferrous and nonferrous scrap metal; and engages in the natural gas production and industrial gas business. This segment sells its ferrous scrap to electric arc furnace steel mills and foundries for manufacturing process; and nonferrous scrap metal to aluminum can producers, secondary aluminum smelters, steel mills and other processors, and consumers of various nonferrous metals. Nucor Corporation was founded in 1905 and is based in Charlotte, North Carolina.;tech
NUS;Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the development and distribution of various beauty and wellness products worldwide. It offers skin care devices, cosmetics, and other personal care products, including ageLOC LumiSpa and ageLOC LumiSpa iO; and nutricentials skin care products. The company also provides wellness products, such as LifePak nutritional supplements, ageLOC TR90 weight management system, and Beauty Focus Collagen+. In addition, it is involved in the research and product development of skin care products and nutritional supplements. The company sells its products under the Nu Skin, Pharmanex, and ageLOC brands through retail stores, website, digital platforms, and independent direct sellers and marketers, as well as a service center. Nu Skin Enterprises, Inc. was founded in 1984 and is headquartered in Provo, Utah.;tech
NUV;Nuveen Municipal Value Fund, Inc. is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund also invests some portion of its portfolio in derivative instruments. It invests in undervalued municipal securities and other related investments the income, exempt from regular federal income taxes that are rated Baa or BBB or better. It employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Standard & Poor's (S&P) National Municipal Bond Index. Nuveen Municipal Value Fund, Inc. was formed on April 8, 1987 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
NUVB;Nuvation Bio Inc., a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, focuses on developing therapeutic candidates for oncology. Its lead product candidate is taletrectinib, an ROS1 inhibitor for the treatment of patients with ROS1+ non-small cell lung cancer. The company is also developing Safusidenib, an inhibitor of mutant isocitrate dehydrogenase 1 in phase 2 clinical trials; NUV-1511, a drug-drug conjugate for use in chemotherapy agent that suppresses the growth of various advanced solid tumors; and NUV-868, a binding domain 2 bromodomain and extra-terminal inhibitor that inhibits bromodomain-containing protein 4. The company was founded in 2018 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
NVG;Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund invests in undervalued municipal securities and other related investments exempt from regular federal income taxes that are rated Baa/BBB or better by S&P, Moody's, or Fitch, and that have an average maturity of 17.02 years. It employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against Standard & Poor's (S&P) Insured Municipal Bond Index. It was formerly known as Nuveen Insured Dividend Advantage Municipal Fund. It was formerly known as Nuveen Enhanced AMT-Free Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund. Nuveen AMT-Free Municipal Credit Income Fund was formed on July 12, 1999 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
NVGS;Navigator Holdings Ltd. owns and operates a fleet of liquefied gas carriers worldwide. It engages in the international and regional seaborne transportation of petrochemical gases, liquefied petroleum gases, and ammonia for energy companies, industrial users, and commodity traders. The company also provides ship shore infrastructure and consultancy services. It operates through a fleet of 56 semi- or fully-refrigerated liquefied gas carriers. The company was formerly known as Isle of Man public limited company and changed its name to Navigator Holdings Ltd. in 2006. Navigator Holdings Ltd. was incorporated in 1997 and is based in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
NVO;Novo Nordisk A/S, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the research and development, manufacture, and distribution of pharmaceutical products in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Mainland China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, North America, and internationally. It operates in two segments, Diabetes and Obesity Care, and Rare Disease. The Diabetes and Obesity care segment provides products for diabetes, obesity, cardiovascular, and other emerging therapy areas. The Rare Disease segment offers products in the areas of rare blood disorders, rare endocrine disorders, and hormone replacement therapy. The company also provides insulin pens, growth hormone pens, and injection needles. In addition, it offers smart solutions for diabetes treatment, such as smart insulin pens and Dose Check, an insulin dose guidance application. The company has a collaboration agreement with UNICEF to tackle childhood obesity; and with Valo Health, Inc. to discover and develop novel drug programmes for cardiometabolic space. Novo Nordisk A/S was founded in 1923 and is headquartered in Bagsvaerd, Denmark.;tech
NVRI;Enviri Corporation provides environmental solutions for industrial and specialty waste streams in the United States and internationally. The company operates through three segments: Harsco Environmental, Clean Earth, and Harsco Rail. The Harsco Environmental segment offers on-site environmental services for the management of waste and byproduct streams from its customers, which includes resource recovery and recycling of waste materials, materials handling and logistical support, and aluminum dross and scrap management. This segment also manufactures value-added downstream products from industrial waste streams and ecoproducts, which include road surfacing materials, metallurgical additives, agriculture and turf products, and cement additives. The Clean Earth segment provides specialty waste processing solutions, including treatment, recycling, and beneficial reuse of hazardous and non-hazardous wastes and processing of contaminated soil and dredged materials for customers in the industrial, retail, healthcare, and construction industries. The Harsco Rail segment offers railway track maintenance equipment and services, as well as railway maintenance services to railways, mass transit systems, and equipment leasing companies. Its products include engineered railway track maintenance equipment, after-market parts, and safety and diagnostics technology systems. The company was formerly known as Harsco Corporation and changed its name to Enviri Corporation in June 2023. The company was founded in 1853 and is headquartered in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.;tech
NVS;Novartis AG researches, develops, manufactures, distributes, markets, and sells pharmaceutical medicines in Switzerland and internationally. The company offers Entresto, an angiotensin receptorneprilysin inhibitor to treat symptomatic chronic heart failure with reduced ejection fraction (HFrEF); Cosentyx to treat plaque psoriasis, pso riatic arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, and nonradiographic axial spondy loarthritis; Kisqali, a selective oral cyclin dependent inhibitor of kinases 4 and 6 (CDK4/6); Promacta/Revolade to treat immune thrombocytopenia (ITP), thrombocytopenia, and patients with severe aplastic anemia (SAA); Tafinlar+Mekinist, an oral combination therapy to treat patients with certain types of cancers; and Jakavi for the treatment of myelofibrosis, polycythemia vera, and acute or chronic graftversushost disease (GvHD). It also provides Tasigna to treat philadelphia chromosomepositive chronic myeloid leukemia in the chronic and/or accelerated phase; Xolair for the treatment of allergic asthma and nasal polyps or severe chronic rhinosi nusitis with nasal polyps; Ilaris to treat fever syndromes, Still's disease, and acute gouty arthritis; Pluvicto to treat prostatespecific membrane anti genpositive metastatic castrationresistant prostate cancer; Sandostatin SC and Sandostatin LAR to treat acromegaly carcinoid tumors and other types of functional gastro intestinal and pancreatic neuroendocrine tumors; Zolgensma for the treatment of genetic root cause of spinal muscular atrophy; Lucentis; Leqvio to reduce LDL cholesterol; Lutathera; Scemblix; and Fabhalta. The company focuses on therapeutic areas, such as cardiovascular, renal and metabolic, immunology, neuroscience, oncology, and hematology. It has a license and collaboration agreement with Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. to develop, manufacture, and commercialize Leqvio (inclisiran), a therapy to reduce LDL cholesterol. Novartis AG was incorporated in 1996 and is headquartered in Basel, Switzerland.;tech
NVST;Envista Holdings Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, develops, manufactures, markets, and sells dental products in the United States, China, and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Specialty Products & Technologies, and Equipment & Consumables. The Specialty Products & Technologies segment offers dental implant systems, guided surgery systems, biomaterials, and prefabricated and custom-built prosthetics to oral surgeons, prosthodontists and periodontists, and general dentist; and brackets and wires, tubes and bands, archwires, clear aligners, digital orthodontic treatments, retainers, and other orthodontic laboratory products. This segment also provides software packages, which include DTX Studio Implant; DTX Studio Lab; and DTX Studio Clinic, a software package offered with its imaging products. It offers its products under the Nobel Biocare, Alpha-Bio Tec, Implant Direct, Nobel Procera, Ormco, Spark, Orascoptic, Damon, Insignia, AOA brands. The Equipment & Consumables segment provides dental equipment and supplies, including digital imaging systems, software, and other visualization/magnification systems; endodontic systems and related products; restorative materials, rotary burs, impression materials, bonding agents, and cements; and infection prevention products. This segment offers its products under the Dexis, DTX Studio, Kerr, Metrex, Total Care, Pentron, Optibond, Harmonize, Sonicfill, Sybron Endo, and CaviWipes to dental offices, clinics, and hospitals. Envista Holdings Corporation was incorporated in 2018 and is headquartered in Brea, California.;tech
NVT;nVent Electric plc designs, manufactures, markets, installs, and services electrical connection and protection solutions in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, and internationally. It operates in two segments, Enclosures, and Electrical & Fastening Solutions. The Enclosures segment provides solutions to protect electronics, systems, and data in mission critical applications, including data centers. The Electrical & Fastening Solutions segment offers solutions that connect power and data infrastructure. It also provides cable management, control buildings, liquid and air-cooling solutions, electrical connections, enclosures, equipment protection, power connections, and power management solutions, as well as tools and test instruments. The company markets its products through electrical distributors, retail, contractors, and original equipment manufacturers under the nVent CADDY, ERICO, HOFFMAN, ILSCO, SCHROFF, and TRACHTE brand names. Its products are used for various applications, such as industrial, commercial and residential, infrastructure, and energy. The company was founded in 1903 and is based in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
NWG;NatWest Group plc, together with its subsidiaries, provides banking and financial products and services in the United Kingdom and internationally. It operates through Retail Banking, Private Banking, Commercial & Institutional segments. The Retail Banking segment offers a range of banking products and related financial services, such as current accounts, mortgages, personal unsecured lending, and personal deposits, as well as mobile and online banking services. The Private Banking segment provides banking, lending, and wealth management products for high-net-worth individuals and their business interests. The Commercial & Institutional segment consists of customer businesses under business banking, commercial mid-market, and corporates and institutions; and offers banking operations services in the Channel Islands, Isle of Man, Gibraltar, and Luxembourg, as well as products and solutions for businesses comprising start-ups, corporates, and large institutions. The company was formerly known as The Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc and changed its name to NatWest Group plc in July 2020. NatWest Group plc was founded in 1727 and is headquartered in Edinburgh, the United Kingdom.;tech
NWN;Northwest Natural Holding Company, through its subsidiary, Northwest Natural Gas Company, provides regulated natural gas distribution services to residential, commercial, and industrial customers in the United States. The company operates mist gas storage facility contracted to other utilities, third-party marketers, and electric generators; offers natural gas asset management services; and operates an appliance retail center. It also engages in gas storage, water and wastewater, non-regulated renewable natural gas, and other investment businesses. In addition, the company offers natural gas service in Oregon and southwest Washington; and water and wastewater connections. Northwest Natural Holding Company was founded in 1859 and is headquartered in Portland, Oregon.;tech
NX;Quanex Building Products Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides components for the fenestration industry in the United States, Europe, Canada, Asia, and internationally. It offers energy-efficient flexible insulating glass spacers, extruded vinyl profiles, window and door screens, precision-formed metal and wood products, window and door seals, and window and door hardware. In addition, the company provides various non-fenestration components and products, including solar panel sealants, trim moldings, vinyl decking, water retention barriers, conservatory roof components, and commercial access solutions. It sells its products to original equipment manufacturers in the building products industry through sales representatives, direct sales force, distributors, and independent sales agents. Quanex Building Products Corporation was founded in 1927 and is based in Houston, Texas.;tech
NXC;Nuveen California Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of California. The fund invests in the securities of companies that operate across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in municipal bonds. The fund employs fundamental analysis to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against Barclays Capital California Municipal Bond Index and S&P California Municipal Bond Index. Nuveen California Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio was formed on June 19, 1992 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
NXDR;Nextdoor Holdings, Inc. operates a neighborhood network that connects neighbors, businesses, and public agencies in the United States and internationally. The company provides local news, events, relevant discussions, and exchange goods and services, as well as discovers and supports local businesses. It also offers a suite of advertising solutions designed to deliver value for businesses of various sizes. The company is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
NXDT;NexPoint Diversified Real Estate Trust is an externally advised, publicly traded, diversified real estate investment trust (REIT) focused on the acquisition, development, and management of opportunistic and value-add investments throughout the United States across multiple sectors where NexPoint and its affiliates have operational expertise. NXDT is externally advised by NexPoint Real Estate Advisors X, L.P.;tech
NXE;NexGen Energy Ltd., an exploration and development stage company, engages in the acquisition, exploration, evaluation, and development of uranium properties in Canada. It holds a 100% interest in the Rook I project that consists of 32 contiguous mineral claims totaling an area of approximately 35,065 hectares located in the southwestern Athabasca Basin of Saskatchewan. NexGen Energy Ltd. was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.;tech
NXG;NXG NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Cushing MLP Asset Management, LP. The fund invests in stocks of companies across the energy supply chain spectrum, including upstream, midstream and downstream energy companies, as well as oil and gas services and logistics companies, energy-intensive chemical, metal and industrial and manufacturing companies and engineering and construction companies. NXG NextGen Infrastructure Income Fund was formed in 2012 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
NXJ;Nuveen New Jersey Quality Municipal Income Fund is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of New Jersey. The fund invests in undervalued municipal securities and other related investments that are, exempt from regular federal and New Jersey income taxes that are rated Baa or BBB or better. It employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Standard & Poor's (S&P) New Jersey Municipal Bond Index. The fund was formerly known as Nuveen New Jersey Dividend Advantage Municipal Fund. Nuveen New Jersey Quality Municipal Income Fund was formed on June 1, 1999 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
NXN;Nuveen New York Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of New York. The fund invests in the securities of companies that operate across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in municipal bonds with an average credit quality of Baa/BBB or better. The fund employs fundamental analysis to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against Barclays Capital New York Municipal Bond Index and S&P New York Municipal Bond Index. Nuveen New York Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio was formed on June 19, 1992 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
NXP;Nuveen Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of United States. The fund invests in the investment-grade municipal securities rated Baa and BBB or better. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Standard & Poor's (S&P) National Municipal Bond Index and Lipper General and Insured Unleveraged Municipal Debt Funds Average. Nuveen Select Tax-Free Income Portfolio was formed on March 19, 1992 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
NYC;American Strategic Investment Co. (including, New York City Operating Partnership L.P., (the "OP") and its subsidiaries, the "Company") is an externally managed company that currently owns a portfolio of commercial real estate located within the five boroughs of New York City, primarily Manhattan. The Company's real estate assets consist of office properties and certain real estate assets that accompany office properties, including retail spaces and amenities. As of March 31, 2025, the Company owned six properties consisting of 1.0 million rentable square feet.;tech
NYT;The New York Times Company, together with its subsidiaries, creates, collects, and distributes news and information worldwide. The company operates through two segments, The New York Times Group and The Athletic. It offers The New York Times (The Times) through company's mobile application, website, printed newspaper, and associated content, such as podcast. The company offers The Athletic, a sports media product; Cooking, a recipe product; Games, a puzzle games product; and Audio, an audio product. In addition, it offers a portfolio of advertising products and services to advertisers, such as luxury goods, technology, and financial companies, to promote products, services or brands on digital platforms in the form of display ads, audio and video, in print in the form of column-inch ads, and at live events; and Wirecutter, a product review and recommendation product. Further, the company licenses content to digital aggregators in the business, professional, academic and library markets, and third-party digital platforms; articles, graphics, and photographs, including newspapers, magazines, and websites; and for use in television, films, and books, as well as provide rights to reprint articles, and create and sell new digests. Additionally, it engages in commercial printing and distribution for third parties; and operates the NYTimes.com website. The company was founded in 1851 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
NZF;Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Nuveen Investments, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Nuveen Fund Advisors LLC and Nuveen Asset Management, LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund invests in undervalued municipal securities and other related investments the income from which is exempt from regular federal income taxes. It seeks to invest in investment grade securities rated Baa/BBB or better with an average maturity of around 18 years. The fund employs fundamental analysis with a focus on bottom-up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against Standard & Poor's (S&P) National Municipal Bond Index. It was formerly known as Nuveen Enhanced Municipal Credit Opportunities Fund. Nuveen Municipal Credit Income Fund was formed on March 21, 2001 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
OBDC;Blue Owl Capital Corporation is a business development company. It specializes in direct and fund of fund investments. The fund makes investments in senior secured, direct lending or unsecured loans, subordinated loans or mezzanine loans and also considers equity-related securities including warrants and preferred stocks also pursues preferred equity investments, first lien, unitranche, and second lien term loans and common equity investments. Within private equity, it seeks to invest in growth, acquisitions, market or product expansion, refinancings and recapitalizations. It seeks to invest in middle market and upper middle market companies based in the United States, with EBITDA between $10 million and $250 million annually and/or annual revenue of $50 million and $2.5 billion at the time of investment. It seeks to invest in investments with maturities typically between three and ten years. It seeks to make investments generally ranging in size between $20 million and $250 million.;tech
OBK;Origin Bancorp, Inc. operates as a bank holding company for Origin Bank that provides banking and financial services to small and medium-sized businesses, municipalities, and retail clients in Texas, Louisiana, and Mississippi. It offers noninterest and interest-bearing checking accounts, savings deposits, money market accounts, and time deposits; and offers commercial real estate, construction and land development, consumer, residential real estate, commercial and industrial, mortgage warehouse, and residential mortgage loans. The company offers personal and commercial property, and casualty insurance products; and Internet banking and voice response information, mobile applications, cash management, business credit cards, overdraft protection, direct deposit, safe deposit boxes, automatic account transfers, peer-to-peer electronic pay solutions, and personal financial management solutions; and mobile and online banking, treasury management, mortgage origination and servicing facilities, commercial and consumer loans, and insurance services. The company was founded in 1912 and is headquartered in Ruston, Louisiana.;tech
OC;Owens Corning provides residential and commercial building products in the United States, Europe, the Asia Pacific, and internationally. It operates through four segments: Roofing, Insulation, Doors, and Composites. The company offers laminate and strip asphalt roofing shingles, roofing components, and oxidized asphalt. It also provides high, mid, and low temperature products; thermal and acoustical batts, loosefill insulation, spray foam, and foam sheathing and accessories under the Owens Corning PINK, Next Gen, and FIBERGLAS Insulation brands; and glass fiber pipe insulation, energy efficient flexible duct media, bonded and granulated stone wool insulation, and cellular glass insulation and foam insulation under the FOAMULAR, FOAMGLAS, and Paroc brand names. In addition, the company offers residential interior and exterior doors; aluminum framed glass doors and window solutions; and door components, such as frames, sills, weather-stripping, and hinges and locks. Further, it manufactures, fabricates, and sells glass reinforcements in the form of fiber and mats. The company distributes its products to distributors, home centers and lumberyards, installers, retailers, homebuilders, contractors, dealers, parts molders, and fabricators. Owens Corning was incorporated in 1938 and is headquartered in Toledo, Ohio.;tech
OCFT;OneConnect Financial Technology Co., Ltd. provides cloud-platform-based Fintech solutions, and online information and operating support services for financial institutions in the People's Republic of China. The company offers Gamma Platform, which offers a toolbox of separate solution modules that provide technology infrastructure and underlying technologies; marketing management platform, developed from AI Banker App that provides banks relationship managers with technology that supports in managing their acquisition and relationships with retail customers; and wealth management platform that provides banks with tools to enhance the efficiency of their wealth management business. It also provides intelligent product development platform for banks, which allows to shorten product development cycle, enhance speed to market, and facilitate product portfolio management; Regtech, an end-to-end regulatory solution for financial regulatory authorities; asset-liability management solution that offers analytics to enhance financial institutions asset liquidity performance; and digital insurance solutions for digitalizing the insurance process, marketing, customer management, and claim processing under intelligent property and casualty insurance and life insurance solutions. In addition, the company offers AI Gamma Vision that enhances deepfake detection, risk mitigation, and fraud prevention capabilities; digitalized services; and security architecture, a secure and trusted environment throughout the data life-cycle. Further, it provides software and technology, information transmission, technology promotion and computer application, information technology advisory, E-commerce security certificate administration, insurance survey and loss adjustment, and asset management and consulting services. OneConnect Financial Technology Co., Ltd. was founded in 2015 and is headquartered in Shenzhen, the People's Republic of China.;tech
ODC;Oil-Dri Corporation of America, together with its subsidiaries, develops, manufactures, and markets sorbent products in the United States and internationally. It operates in two segments, Retail and Wholesale Products Group, and Business to Business Products Group. The company provides agricultural and horticultural products, including mineral-based absorbent products that serve as carriers for biological and chemical active ingredients, drying agents, and growing media under the Agsorb, Verge, and Flo-Fre brand names. It also offers animal health and nutrition products for the livestock industry under the Amlan, Calibrin, Varium, Neoprime, Sorbiam, Ambio P, Ambio S, MD-09, and Pel-Unite and Pel-Unite Plus brand names; and adsorbent products for bleaching, purification, and filtration applications under the Pure-Flo, Perform, Select, Metal-X, Metal-Z, and Ultra-Clear brand names. In addition, the company provides cat litter products, such as scoopable and non-clumping litters under the Cat's Pride and Jonny Cat brand names; industrial and automotive sorbent products from clay, polypropylene, and recycled materials that absorb oil, acid, paint, ink, water, and other liquids under the Oil-Dri brand name; and sports products for use on baseball, softball, football, cricket, and soccer fields under the Pro's Choice brand name. Its customers include mass merchandisers, wholesale clubs, drugstore chains, pet specialty retail outlets, dollar stores, retail grocery stores, distributors of industrial cleanup and automotive products, environmental service companies, and sports field product and sports turf material users; processors and refiners of edible oils, petroleum-based oils, and biodiesel fuel; manufacturers of animal feed and agricultural chemicals; distributors of animal health and nutrition products; and marketers of consumer products. Oil-Dri Corporation of America was founded in 1941 and is based in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
ODV;Osisko Development Corp., together with its subsidiaries, acquires, explores, and develops precious metals resource properties in Canada, Mexico, and the United States. The company explores for precious and base metal, gold, silver, copper, lead, and zinc deposits. Its flagship asset is the 100% owned Cariboo Gold Project, which covers an area of approximately 192,000 hectares consisting of 443 mineral titles located in British Columbia, Canada. The company also holds a portfolio of marketable securities. Osisko Development Corp. is headquartered in Montreal, Canada.;tech
OEC;Orion S.A., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the manufacture and sale of carbon black products. The company operates in two segments, Specialty Carbon Black and Rubber Carbon Black. It offers post-treated specialty carbon black grades for coatings and printing applications, as well as high purity carbon black grades for the fiber industry; and conductive carbon black grades for batteries, polymers, and coatings. The company also provides rubber carbon black products for tires, such as high-reinforcing grades and semi-reinforcing grades under the ECORAX brand, as well as for mechanical rubber goods end users, including automotive production, construction, as well as certain food, consumer, and medical applications. It operates in the United States, Brazil, rest of the Americas, Germany, South Africa, Italy, Spain, Turkey, France, Rest of EMEA, China, the Republic of Korea, and rest of Asia. The company was formerly known as Orion Engineered Carbons S.A. and changed its name to Orion S.A. in June 2023. Orion S.A. was founded in 1862 and is headquartered in Senningerberg, Luxembourg.;tech
OFG;OFG Bancorp, a financial holding company, provides a range of banking and financial services in the United States. It operates through three segments: Banking, Wealth Management, and Treasury. The company offers savings accounts, certificates of deposit, individual retirement accounts personal, and commercial non-interest and interest-bearing checking accounts; time deposit products; and corporate trust services. It also provides commercial loans, auto loans, mortgage loans, as well as consumer loans, such as personal loans, residential solar panel loans, credit cards, lines of credit, and other loans; mortgage banking services; sale of loans and securitization activities; wealth management activities comprising securities brokerage, insurance agency, captive reinsurance, trust services, and other financial services; and various investment alternatives, such as tax-advantaged fixed income securities, mutual funds, stocks, and bonds to retail and institutional clients. In addition, the company's portfolio consists of mortgage-backed securities, obligations of U.S. government-sponsored agencies, U.S. Treasury securities, and money market instruments; and engages in the asset/liability management activities, such as purchases and sales of investment securities, interest rate risk management, derivatives, and borrowings. OFG Bancorp was founded in 1964 and is headquartered in San Juan, Puerto Rico.;tech
OGE;OGE Energy Corp., through its subsidiary, operates as an energy services provider in the United States. The company generates, transmits, distributes, and sells electric energy. It also owns and operates coal-fired, natural gas-fired, wind-powered, and solar-powered generating assets. The company provides retail electric service to approximately 709,000 customers that covers a service area of approximately 30,000 square miles. OGE Energy Corp. was founded in 1902 and is based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.;tech
OGN;Organon & Co. develops and delivers health solutions through prescription therapies and medical devices in the United States, Europe, Canada, Japan, rest of the Asia Pacific, Latin America, the Middle East, Russia, Africa, and internationally. The company's women's health portfolio comprises contraception and fertility brands, such as Nexplanon, a long-acting reversible contraceptive; NuvaRing, a monthly vaginal contraceptive ring; Cerazette, Marvelon, and Mercilon, which are daily pills used to prevent pregnancy; Follistim AQ, which is used to promote the development of multiple ovarian follicles in medically assisted reproduction procedures; Elonva, a follicle stimulant; Ganirelix acetate injection, an injectable antagonist; Jada for abnormal postpartum uterine bleeding or hemorrhage; and Xaciato for bacterial vaginosis. Its biosimilars portfolio consists of immunology products, such as Brenzys, Renflexis, and Hadlima; and two oncology products, including Ontruzant and Aybintio. The company also offers cholesterol-modifying medicines under the Zetia, Ezetrol, Vytorin, Inegy, Atozet, Rosuzet, and Zocor brands; Cozaar and Hyzaar for hypertension; respiratory products used to control and prevent asthma-induced symptoms under the Singulair, Dulera, Zenhale, and Asmanex brands, as well as seasonal allergic rhinitis under the Nasonex, Clarinex, and Aerius brands. In addition, it provides dermatology products under the Vtama, Diprosone, and Elocon brand; bone health products under the Fosamax brand; and non-opioid pain management products under the Arcoxia, Diprospan, and Celestone brands, as well as Proscar for symptomatic benign prostatic hyperplasia; and Propecia for male pattern hair loss. The company sells its products to drug wholesalers and retailers, hospitals, clinics, government agencies, health maintenance organizations, pharmacy benefit managers, and other institutions. Organon & Co. was founded in 1923 and is headquartered in Jersey City, New Jersey.;tech
OI;O-I Glass, Inc., through its subsidiaries, engages in the manufacture and sale of glass containers to food and beverage manufacturers primarily in the Americas, Europe, and internationally. The company produces glass containers for alcoholic beverages, including beer, flavored malt beverages, spirits, and wine. It is also involved in the production of glass packaging for various food items, soft drinks, tea, juices, and pharmaceuticals. In addition, the company offers glass containers in a range of sizes, shapes, and colors. It sells its products directly to customers under annual or multi-year supply agreements, as well as through distributors. O-I Glass, Inc. was founded in 1903 and is based in Perrysburg, Ohio.;tech
OIA;Invesco Municipal Income Opportunities Trust is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Invesco Ltd. The fund is co-managed by Invesco Advisers, Inc., INVESCO Asset Management Deutschland GmbH, INVESCO Asset Management Limited, INVESCO Asset Management (Japan) Limited, Invesco Hong Kong Limited, INVESCO Senior Secured Management, Inc., and Invesco Canada Ltd. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund primarily invests in municipal bonds rated BB or better by Standard & Poor's or Ba or better by Moody's. It employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up security selection approach to create its portfolio. The fund was previously known as Morgan Stanley Municipal Income Opportunities Trust. Invesco Municipal Income Opportunities Trust was formed on September 19, 1988 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
OII;Oceaneering International, Inc. provides engineered services and products, and robotic solutions to the offshore energy, defense, aerospace, manufacturing, and entertainment industries in the United States, Africa, the United Kingdom, Norway, Brazil, Asia, Australia, and internationally. It operates in Subsea Robotics, Manufactured Products, Offshore Projects Group, Integrity Management & Digital Solutions, and Aerospace and Defense Technologies segments. The company offers remotely operated vehicles (ROVs) for drill support and vessel-based services, such as subsea hardware installation, construction, pipeline inspection, survey and facilities inspection, maintenance, and repair; ROV tooling; and survey services, such as hydrographic survey, positioning services, and autonomous underwater vehicles for geoscience. It also provides distribution and connection systems, such as production control umbilicals and field development hardware, pipeline connection and repair systems, and subsea and topside control valves to the energy industry; and autonomous mobile robotic technology and entertainment systems to various industries. In addition, the company offers subsea installation and intervention products, including riserless light well intervention services, as well as inspection, maintenance, and repair services; installation and workover control systems, and ROV workover control systems; diving services; project management and engineering solutions; and drill pipe riser services and systems, and wellhead load relief solutions. Further, it provides asset integrity management services; software and analytical solutions for the bulk cargo maritime industry; and software, digital, and connectivity solutions for the energy industry, as well engineering and related manufacturing in defense and space exploration activities to the United States' government agencies and their prime contractors. The company was founded in 1964 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
OIS;Oil States International, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides engineered capital equipment and consumable products for energy, industrial, and military sectors worldwide. The company operates through three segments, Completion and Production Services, Downhole Technologies, and Offshore Manufactured Products. The Completion and Production Services segment offers a range of equipment and services that are used to establish and maintain the flow of oil and natural gas from a well throughout its life cycle. The Downhole Technologies segment provides oil and gas perforation systems, and downhole tools in support of completion, intervention, wireline, and well abandonment operations. This segment also designs, manufactures, and markets its consumable engineered products to oilfield service, and exploration and production companies. The Offshore Manufactured Products segment designs, manufactures, and markets capital equipment utilized on floating production systems, subsea pipeline infrastructure, and offshore drilling rigs and vessels. Its products include flexible bearings, advanced connector systems, high-pressure riser systems, managed pressure drilling systems, deepwater mooring systems, cranes, subsea pipeline products, and blow-out preventer stack integration products. This segment also provides short-cycle products; and other products for use in industrial, military, alternative energy, and other applications. In addition, it offers specialty welding, fabrication, cladding and machining, offshore installation, and inspection and repair services. The company serves various national oil and natural gas, major and independent oil and natural gas, offshore drilling and other oilfield service, and defense and industrial companies. Oil States International, Inc. was incorporated in 1995 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
OKE;ONEOK, Inc. operates as a midstream service provider of gathering, processing, fractionation, transportation, storage, and marine export services in the United States. It operates in four segments: Natural Gas Gathering and Processing; Natural Gas Liquids; Natural Gas Pipelines; and Refined Products and Crude. The company owns natural gas gathering pipelines and processing plants in the Mid-Continent, Permian Basin, North Texas, Gulf Coast region, and Rocky Mountain regions; and provides midstream services to producers of NGLs. It also owns NGL gathering and distribution pipelines, fractionation, terminal and storage facilities; and transports refined products, including gasoline, diesel fuel, aviation fuel, kerosene, and heating oil. In addition, the company transports and stores natural gas through regulated interstate and intrastate natural gas transmission pipelines, and natural gas storage facilities; it owns and operates a parking garage in downtown Tulsa, Oklahoma; and leases buildings, warehouses, office space, land, and equipment, including pipeline equipment, pipeline capacity, rail cars, and information technology equipment. Further, the company transports, stores, and distributes refined products, purity NGLs, and crude oil, as well as conducts commodity-related activities, including liquids blending and marketing activities. It serves integrated and independent exploration and production companies; other NGL and natural gas gathering and processing companies; crude oil and natural gas production companies; utilities; industrial companies; natural gasoline distributors; propane distributors; municipalities; ethanol producers; petrochemical, refining, and marketing companies; and diluent users, refineries, and exporters. ONEOK, Inc. was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma.;tech
OKLO;Oklo Inc. develops advanced fission power plants to provide clean, reliable, and affordable energy at scale to the customers in the United States. It also commercializes nuclear fuel recycling technology that converts nuclear waste into useable fuel for its reactors. Oklo Inc. is based in Santa Clara, California.;tech
OLN;Olin Corporation manufactures and distributes chemical products in the United States, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and Canada. It operates through three segments: Chlor Alkali Products and Vinyls; Epoxy; and Winchester. The Chlor Alkali Products and Vinyls segment offers chlorine and caustic soda, ethylene dichloride and vinyl chloride monomers, methyl chloride, methylene chloride, chloroform, carbon tetrachloride, perchloroethylene, hydrochloric acid, hydrogen, bleach products, potassium hydroxide, and chlorinated organics intermediates and solvents. The Epoxy segment provides Allylics, such as allyl chloride, epichlorohydrin, and glycerin; aromatics, including acetone, bisphenol, cumene, and phenol; liquid and solid epoxy resins; and converted epoxy resins and additives. The Winchester segment offers sporting ammunition products, including shotshells, small caliber centerfire, and rimfire ammunition products for hunters and recreational shooters, and law enforcement agencies; small caliber military ammunition products for use in infantry and mounted weapons; and industrial products comprising gauge loads and powder-actuated tool loads for maintenance applications in power and concrete industries, and powder-actuated tools in construction industry. The company markets its products through its sales force, as well as directly to various industrial customers, mass merchants, retailers, wholesalers, gun clubs, other distributors, and the U.S. Government and its prime contractors. Olin Corporation was incorporated in 1892 and is based in Clayton, Missouri.;tech
OLP;One Liberty is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust incorporated in Maryland in 1982. The Company acquires, owns and manages a geographically diversified portfolio consisting primarily of industrial and retail properties. Many of these properties are subject to long-term net leases under which the tenant is typically responsible for the property's real estate taxes, insurance and ordinary maintenance and repairs.;tech
OMC;Omnicom Group Inc., together with its subsidiaries, offers advertising, marketing, and corporate communications services. It provides a range of services in the areas of media and advertising, precision marketing, public relations, healthcare, branding and retail commerce, experiential, execution, and support. The company's services include advertising, branding, content marketing, corporate social responsibility consulting, crisis communications, custom publishing, data analytics, database management, digital/direct marketing and post-production, digital transformation consulting, entertainment marketing, experiential marketing, field marketing, sales support, financial/corporate business-to-business advertising, graphic arts/digital imaging, healthcare marketing and communications, and instore design services. Its services also comprise interactive marketing, investor relations, marketing research, media planning and buying, retail media planning and buying, merchandising and point of sale, mobile marketing, multi-cultural marketing, non-profit marketing, organizational communications, package design, product placement, promotional marketing, public affairs, public relations, retail marketing, retail media and e-commerce, search engine marketing, shopper marketing, social media marketing, and sports and event marketing services. It operates in the North and Latin America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa (EMEA), and the Asia Pacific. The company was incorporated in 1944 and is based in New York, New York.;tech
OMF;OneMain Holdings, Inc., a financial service holding company, engages in the consumer finance and insurance businesses in the United States. The company originates, underwrites, and services personal loans secured by automobiles, other titled collateral, or unsecured. It also offers secured auto financing; credit cards; optional credit insurance products, including life, disability, and involuntary unemployment insurance; optional non-credit insurance; guaranteed asset protection coverage as a waiver product or insurance; and membership plans. The company provides personal loans through its branch network, central operations, digital affiliates, and its website. The company was formerly known as Springleaf Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to OneMain Holdings, Inc. in November 2015. OneMain Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1912 and is based in Evansville, Indiana.;tech
OMI;Owens & Minor, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a healthcare solutions company worldwide. The company operates in two segments, Products & Healthcare Services and Patient Direct. The Products & Healthcare Services segment offers a portfolio of products and services to healthcare providers and manufacturers. Its portfolio of medical and surgical supplies includes branded products and its proprietary products. This segment also offers services to healthcare providers, including supplier management, analytics, inventory management, and clinical supply management; and various programs to provide outsourced logistics and marketing solutions to its suppliers. The Patient Direct segment provides products and services for in-home care and delivery across diabetes treatment, home respiratory therapy, and obstructive sleep apnea treatment. This segment also supplies a range of other home medical equipment; and patient care products, including ostomy, wound care, urology, and incontinence and other products and services. The company serves multi-facility networks of healthcare providers, independent hospitals, surgery centers, physicians' practices, and networks of hospitals directly, as well as indirectly through third-party distributors. Owens & Minor, Inc. was founded in 1882 and is based in Glen Allen, Virginia.;tech
ONIT;Onity Group Inc., a financial services company, originates and services forward and reserve mortgage loans in the United States, the United States Virgin Islands, India, and the Philippines. It operates through the Servicing and Originations segments. The company offers owned mortgage servicing rights and subservicing products; conventional, government-insured, and non-agency mortgage loans, as well as reverse mortgage and multi-family loans; and residential forward mortgage and small commercial mortgage loans. It also originates and purchases conventional and government-insured residential forward and reverse mortgage loans through its correspondent lending arrangements, broker relationships, and retail channels. The company offers its services under the PHH Mortgage and Liberty Reverse Mortgage brands. It serves financial institutions. The company was formerly known as Ocwen Financial Corporation and changed its name to Onity Group Inc. in June 2024. Onity Group Inc. was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in West Palm Beach, Florida.;tech
ONON;On Holding AG engages in the development and distribution of sports products worldwide. The company offers athletic footwear, apparel, and accessories for high-performance running, outdoor, training, all-day activities, and tennis. It offers its products through independent retailers and distributors, online, and stores. The company was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland.;tech
ONTF;ON24, Inc. provides a cloud-based intelligent engagement platform that offers interactive and personalized digital experience products to create and capture data from professionals to provide businesses with buying signals and behavioral insights to convert prospects into customers worldwide. It offers ON24 Elite for live and interactive webinar experience; ON24 Breakouts for live breakout room experience; ON24 Forums for live and interactive experience; ON24 Go Live for live and interactive video event experience that enables presenters and attendees to engage face-to-face in real-time; and ON24 Virtual Conference for managed virtual event experience. The company also provides ON24 Engagement Hub for always-on multimedia content experience; ON24 Target for personalized and curated landing page experience; ON24 Intelligence for analytics backbone that captures first-person data to power the insights, benchmarking, and reporting; ON24 AI-powered ACE for enabling hyper-personalization at scale across ON24 experiences; ON24 Connect for ecosystem of third-party application integrations; and ON24 Services and Platform Support, which provides a portfolio of professional services that provide consulting and support for product and platform adoption. In addition, it offers consulting services, such as experience management, monitoring and production, implementation, and support services. The company sells its products through direct sales. It serves technology, financial services, healthcare, industrial and manufacturing, professional services, and business-to-business information service companies. It has a strategic partnership with Performars to allow companies across the life sciences, IT, finance, and electronics sectors to launch webinars and virtual events. The company was formerly known as NewsDirect, Inc. and changed its name to ON24, Inc. in December 1998. ON24, Inc. was incorporated in 1998 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
ONTO;Onto Innovation Inc. engages in the design, development, manufacture, and support of process control tools that performs optical metrology and inspection worldwide. The company offers lithography systems and process control analytical software. It also provides process and yield management solutions, and device packaging and test facilities through standalone systems for optical metrology, macro-defect inspection, packaging lithography, and transparent and opaque thin film measurements. In addition, the company offers process control software portfolio that includes solutions for standalone tools, groups of tools, and enterprise-or factory-wide suites. Further, it engages in systems and software, spare parts, and other services, as well as offers software licensing services. The company's products are used in semiconductor and advanced packaging device manufacturers; silicon wafers; light emitting diodes; vertical-cavity surface-emitting lasers; micro-electromechanical systems; CMOS image sensors; power devices; analog devices; RF filters; data storage; and various industrial and scientific applications. Onto Innovation Inc. was founded in 1940 and is headquartered in Wilmington, Massachusetts.;tech
OOMA;Ooma, Inc. provides communications services and related technologies for businesses and consumers in the United States and Canada. The company's products and services include Ooma Office, a cloud-based multi-user communications system for small and medium-sized businesses; Ooma Connect, which delivers fixed wireless internet connectivity; and Ooma Enterprise, a unified-communications-as-a-service (UCaaS) solution. It also provides Ooma AirDial, a plain old telephone service; PureVoice HD, a residential phone services; Ooma Basic that provides unlimited personal calling within the United States; and Ooma Premier, a suite of advanced calling features on a monthly or annual subscription basis. In addition, the company offers Ooma Telo, a home communications solution to serve as the primary phone line in the home; Ooma Telo Air, a wireless Ooma Telo with built-in Wi-Fi and Bluetooth; and Ooma Telo LTE, which combines the Ooma Telo base station with the Ooma LTE Adapter and battery back-up. Further, it provides Ooma Mobile HD app that allows users to make and receive phone calls and access Ooma features and settings; 2600Hz provides business communication applications; Talkatone mobile app; and OnSIP, an UCaaS solution. The company offers its products through direct channels, retailers, value-added resellers, technology services distributors, and other resellers, as well as online and sales representatives. Ooma, Inc. was incorporated in 2003 and is headquartered in Sunnyvale, California.;tech
OPAD;Offerpad Solutions Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides technology-enabled solutions for residential real estate market in the United States. The company offers Cash Offer, which customers can access website or mobile application to receive a cash offer range for their home. It also provides renovation services to other businesses; Direct+ institutional buyer program, allows investors and single-family rental companies to purchase homes from homeowners, and matching investors with sellers; and agent partnership program which partner agents can request a cash offer on behalf of clients, have the ability to list an acquired home prepared for resale, have access to sellers in defined zones, along with having the potential to list other Offerpad-owned homes in their zone, as well as homebuilder services. In addition, the company offers ancillary products and services comprising energy efficiency solutions, smart home technology, insurance, and home warranty services, as well as mortgage, and title and escrow services. Offerpad Solutions Inc. was founded in 2015 and is headquartered in Tempe, Arizona.;tech
OPFI;OppFi Inc., a tech-enabled digital finance platform, provides financial products and services for banks in the United States. The company offers installment loans through OppLoans platform. It serves consumers who are turned away by mainstream options. The company was founded in 2012 and is based in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
OPP;RiverNorth/DoubleLine Strategic Opportunity Fund, Inc. is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by RiverNorth Capital Management, LLC. The fund is co-managed by DoubleLine Capital LP. It invests in fixed income markets. The fund seeks to benchmark the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Capital U.S. Aggregate Bond Index. RiverNorth/DoubleLine Strategic Opportunity Fund, Inc. was formed on December 30, 2010 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
OPY;Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. operates as a middle-market investment bank and full-service broker-dealer in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, and Asia. The company provides brokerage services covering corporate equity and debt securities, money market instruments, exchange-traded options and futures contracts, municipal bonds, mutual funds, exchange-traded funds, certain precious metals, and unit investment trusts; financial and wealth planning services; and margin lending services. It offers asset management services, including separately managed accounts, mutual fund managed accounts, discretionary portfolio management programs, non-discretionary investment advisory and consultation services, alternative investments, portfolio enhancement programs, and institutional taxable fixed income portfolio management strategies and solutions, as well as taxable and non-taxable fixed income portfolios and strategies. In addition, the company offers investment banking services, such as strategic advisory services and capital markets products; merger and acquisition, equities capital market, debt capital market, debt advisory and restructuring, and fund placement services; and institutional equity sales and trading, equity research, equity derivatives and index options, convertible bonds, event driven sales and trading, and portfolio and electronic trading, as well as provides custody, clearing, and prime services. Further, it provides institutional fixed income sales and trading, fixed income research, public finance, and municipal trading services; and proprietary trading and investment activities. Additionally, the company offers underwriting, market-making, trust, and discount services, as well as a cloud-based financial market. It serves high-net-worth individuals and families, corporate executives, public and private businesses, institutions and corporations, governments, financial sponsors, and domestic and international investors. Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. was founded in 1881 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
OR;OR Royalties Inc. acquires and manages precious metal and other royalties, streams, and other interests in Canada and internationally. It also owns options on offtake; royalty/stream financings; and exclusive rights to participate in future royalty/stream financings on various projects. The company's primary asset is a 3-5% net smelter return royalty on the Canadian Malartic complex located in Canada. In addition, it is involved in the exploration, evaluation, and development of mining properties. It primarily explores for precious metals, including gold, silver, diamond, and others. The company was formerly known as Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd and changed its name to OR Royalties Inc. in May 2025. OR Royalties Inc. was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Montreal, Canada.;tech
ORA;Ormat Technologies, Inc. engages in the geothermal and recovered energy power business in the United States, Indonesia, Kenya, Turkey, Chile, Guatemala, Guadeloupe, New Zealand, Honduras, France, Indonesia, the Philippines, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Electricity, Product, and Energy Storage. The Electricity segment develops, builds, owns, and operates geothermal, solar photovoltaic, and recovered energy-based power plants; and sells electricity. The Product segment designs, manufactures, and sells equipment for geothermal and recovered energy-based electricity generation; and provides services relating to the engineering, procurement, and construction of geothermal and recovered energy-based power plants. The Energy Storage segment provides battery energy storage systems and related services. The company serves contractors, geothermal plant owners and operators, interstate natural gas pipeline owners and operators, gas processing plant owners and operators, cement plant owners and operators, and biomass facilities owners and operators, as well as other companies engaged in energy-intensive industrial processes. Ormat Technologies, Inc. was founded in 1965 and is headquartered in Reno, Nevada.;tech
ORCL;Oracle Corporation offers products and services that address enterprise information technology environments worldwide. Its Oracle cloud software as a service offering include various cloud software applications, including Oracle Fusion cloud enterprise resource planning ERP, Oracle Fusion cloud enterprise performance management EPM, Oracle Fusion cloud supply chain and manufacturing management SCM, Oracle Fusion cloud human capital management HCM, and NetSuite applications suite, Oracle Health applications, as well as Oracle Fusion Sales, Service, and Marketing. The company also offers cloud-based industry solutions for various industries; Oracle cloud license and on-premise license; and Oracle license support services. In addition, it provides cloud and license business' infrastructure technologies, such as the Oracle Database and MySQL Database; Java, a software development language; and middleware, including development tools and others. The company's cloud and license business' infrastructure technologies also comprise cloud-based compute, storage, and networking capabilities; and Oracle autonomous database, as well as AI, Internet-of-Things, machine learning, digital assistant, and blockchain. Further, it provides hardware products and other hardware-related software offerings, including Oracle engineered systems, enterprise servers, storage solutions, industry-specific hardware, virtualization software, operating systems, management software, and related hardware support services, and consulting and advanced customer services. It markets and sells its cloud, license, hardware, support, and services offerings directly to businesses in various industries, government agencies, and educational institutions, as well as through indirect channels. Oracle Corporation has a strategic alliance with Metron, Inc. The company was founded in 1977 and is headquartered in Austin, Texas.;tech
ORI;Old Republic International Corporation, through its subsidiaries, provides insurance underwriting and related services primarily in the United States and Canada. The company operates in two segments, Specialty Insurance and Title Insurance. The Specialty Insurance segment offers accident and health, aviation, commercial auto, commercial multi-peril, commercial property, excess and surplus, general liability, home and auto warranty, inland marine, travel accident, and workers' compensation insurance products; and financial indemnity products for specialty coverages, including errors and omissions, fidelity, directors and officers, and surety. This segment provides its insurance products to businesses, state and local governments, and other institutions in transportation, commercial construction, healthcare, education, retail and wholesale trade, forest products, energy, general manufacturing, and financial services industries. The Title Insurance segment offers lenders' and owners' policies to real estate purchasers and investors based upon searches of the public records. This segment also provides escrow closing and construction disbursement services; and real estate information products, national default management services, and various other services pertaining to real estate transfers and loan transactions. The company was founded in 1923 and is based in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
ORN;Orion Group Holdings, Inc. operates as a specialty construction company in the infrastructure, industrial, and building sectors in the United States, Alaska, Hawaii, Canada, and the Caribbean Basin. It operates through two segments, Marine and Concrete. The company provides marine construction services, including construction, restoration, dredging, maintenance, and repair of marine transportation facilities and pipelines, bridges and causeways, and marine environmental structures. Its marine transportation facility projects comprise cruise ship port facilities, private terminals, special-use navy terminals, recreational use marinas and docks, and other marine-based facilities, as well as building or rehabilitating public port facilities for container ship loading and unloading. The company also offers on-going maintenance and repair, inspection, emergency repair, and demolition and salvage services. Its marine pipeline service projects include the installation and removal of underwater buried pipeline transmission lines; the installation of pipeline intakes and outfalls for industrial facilities; the construction of pipeline outfalls for wastewater and industrial discharges; river crossing and directional drilling; the creation of hot taps and tie-ins; and inspection, maintenance, and repair services. The company's bridge and causeway projects include the construction, repair, and maintenance of overwater bridges and causeways, as well as the develops fendering systems in marine environments. The company also provides specialty services, such as design, salvage, demolition, surveying, towing, diving and underwater inspection, excavation, and repair services. In addition, it offers elevated concrete pouring for columns, elevated beams, and structural walls; and light commercial services, such as slabs, sidewalks, ramps, and tilt walls. The company was founded in 1994 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
OSCR;Oscar Health, Inc. operates as a healthcare technology company in the United States. The company offers health plans to individuals, families, employees, and small group markets. It also provides +Oscar platform that power others throughout the healthcare system; Campaign Builder platform, an engagement and recommendation platform for providers and payors; and reinsurance products. The company was formerly known as Mulberry Health Inc. and changed its name to Oscar Health, Inc. in January 2021. Oscar Health, Inc. was incorporated in 2012 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
OSK;Oshkosh Corporation provides purpose-built vehicles and equipment worldwide. The company operates through three segments: Access, Defense, and Vocational segment. The Access segment designs and manufactures aerial work platform and telehandlers for use in construction, industrial, and maintenance applications; and towing and recovery equipment, which includes carriers, wreckers, and rotators, as well as provides financing and leasing solutions, including rental fleet loans, leases, and floor plan and retail financing. This segment also offers equipment installation and sale of chassis and service parts. The Defense segment engages in the manufacture and sale of heavy, medium, and light tactical wheeled vehicles and related services for defense. The Vocational segment offers custom and commercial firefighting equipment, fire apparatus, and emergency vehicles, including pumpers, aerial platform, ladder and tiller trucks, and tankers; light, medium, and heavy-duty rescue vehicles; and wildland rough terrain response other emergency response vehicles. This segment also produces and sells aircraft rescue and firefighting vehicles; refuse and recycling collection vehicles and components; and IMT-branded field service vehicles and truck-mounted cranes, frontline communications-branded simulators, command vehicles and other communication vehicles, and front-discharge concrete mixer vehicles. The company sells its products through direct sales representatives, dealers, and distributors. The company was formerly known as Oshkosh Truck Corporation. Oshkosh Corporation was founded in 1917 and is headquartered in Oshkosh, Wisconsin.;tech
OTF;Blue Owl Technology Finance Corp. is a business development company specializes in upper middle-market, making debt and equity investments such as senior secured or unsecured loans, subordinated loans or mezzanine loans and equity-related securities including common equity, warrants, preferred stock and similar forms of senior equity. The firm prefers to invest in technology-related and software companies. It primarily makes investments in the United States. Blue Owl Technology Finance Corp. is founded in 2018 and is based in New York, New York.;tech
OTIS;Otis Worldwide Corporation engages in manufacturing, installation, and servicing of elevators and escalators in the United States, China, and internationally. The company operates through two segments, New Equipment and Service. The New Equipment segment designs, manufactures, sells, and installs a range of passenger and freight elevators, as well as escalators and moving walkways for residential and commercial buildings, and infrastructure projects. This segment serves real-estate and building developers, and general contractors. It sells its products directly to customers, as well as through agents and distributors. The Service segment performs maintenance and repair services, as well as modernization services to upgrade elevators and escalators. Otis Worldwide Corporation was founded in 1853 and is headquartered in Farmington, Connecticut.;tech
OUT;OUTFRONT is one of the largest and most trusted out-of-home media companies in the U.S., helping brands connect with audiences in the moments and environments that matter most. As OUTFRONT evolves, it's defining a new era of in-real-life (IRL) marketing, turning public spaces into platforms for creativity, connection, and cultural relevance. With a nationwide footprint across billboards, digital displays, transit systems, and other out-of-home formats, OUTFRONT turns creative into powerful real-world experiences. Its in-house agency, OUTFRONT STUDIOS, and award-winning innovation team, XLabs, deliver standout storytelling, supported by advanced technology and data tools that can drive measurable impact.;tech
OWL;Blue Owl Capital Inc. operates as an alternative asset manager in the United States. The company offers permanent capital base solutions that enables it to offer holistic framework of capital solutions to middle market companies, large alternative asset managers, and corporate real estate owners and tenants. It also provides private financing solutions, such as direct lending products comprising diversified, technology, first lien, and opportunistic lending to middle-market companies; alternative credit; investment grade credit; liquid credit; and other credit solutions. In addition, the company offers GP strategic capital products, which offers capital solutions, including GP minority stakes, GP debt financing, and professional sports minority stakes; and real estate products that focuses on acquiring triple net lease real estate by investment grade or creditworthy tenants, as well as real estate debt finance through net lease and real estate credit. It offers its solutions through permanent capital vehicles and long-dated private funds. Blue Owl Capital Inc. is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
OWLT;Owlet, Inc. provides digital parenting solutions in the United States, the United Kingdom, and internationally. The company offers a digital parenting platform that provides real-time data and insights to parents. It also provides sock monitors, including Dream Sock, a wearable infant health monitor equipped with pulse oximetry technology that tracks vital signs, such as pulse rate, activity, oxygen level, and sleep patterns; BabySat, which is intended for infants with conditions, including respiratory syncytial virus, pneumonia, bronchitis, croup, and other diagnoses; and Owlet Smart Sock, which provides real-time heart rate and oxygen readings in the Owlet Care App. In addition, the company offers Owlet Cam, an audio and video monitor that has 1080p HD video, motion and cry detection, 4x zoom, and two-way audio; Dream Duo, a baby monitoring solution that combines Dream Sock or Owlet Smart Sock with Owlet Cam; Owlet360, a subscription service that provides personalized understanding of the babies' development, health, and sleep trends; and accessories, such as fabric accessory socks, the Owlet Dream Sleeper with Swaddle, and the Owlet Sock Travel Case. Owlet, Inc. was founded in 2012 and is headquartered in Lehi, Utah.;tech
OXM;Oxford Industries, Inc., an apparel company, designs, sources, markets, and distributes lifestyle products worldwide. The company offers men's and women's sportswear and related products under the Tommy Bahama brand; and women's and girls' dresses and sportswear, scarves, bags, jewelry, and belts, as well as children's apparel, swim, footwear, and licensed products under the Lilly Pulitzer brand. It also licenses Tommy Bahama brand for various products, such as indoor and outdoor furniture, beach chairs, bedding and bath linens, fabrics, leather goods and gifts, headwear, hosiery, sleepwear, shampoo, toiletries, fragrances, cigar accessories, resort operations, and other products; and Lilly Pulitzer for stationery and gift products, home furnishing products, and eyewear. The company distributes its products through southerntide.com, thebeaufortbonnetcompany.com, duckhead.com, and jackrogersusa.com; and specialty retailers. It offers products through its retail stores, department stores, specialty stores, multi-branded e-commerce retailers, off-price retailers, and other retailers, as well as e-commerce sites. The company operates brand-specific full-price retail stores; Tommy Bahama food and beverage locations; and Tommy Bahama outlet stores. Oxford Industries, Inc. was founded in 1942 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
OXY;Occidental Petroleum Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the acquisition, exploration, and development of oil and gas properties in the United States and internationally. It operates through three segments: Oil and Gas, Chemical, and Midstream and Marketing. The Oil and Gas segment explores for, develops, and produces oil and condensate, natural gas liquids (NGLs), and natural gas. The Chemical segment manufactures and markets basic chemicals, including chlorine, caustic soda, chlorinated organics, potassium chemicals, ethylene dichloride, chlorinated isocyanurates, sodium silicates, and calcium chloride; and vinyls comprising vinyl chloride monomer, polyvinyl chloride, and ethylene. The Midstream and Marketing segment purchases, markets, gathers, processes, transports and stores oil, condensate, NGLs, natural gas, carbon dioxide, and power. This segment invests in entities. Occidental Petroleum Corporation was founded in 1920 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
PAAS;Pan American Silver Corp. engages in the exploration, mine development, extraction, processing, refining, and reclamation of mines in Canada, Mexico, Peru, Bolivia, Argentina, Chile, and Brazil. It explores for silver, gold, zinc, lead, and copper deposits. The company was formerly known as Pan American Minerals Corp. and changed its name to Pan American Silver Corp. in April 1995. Pan American Silver Corp. was incorporated in 1979 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.;tech
PAC;Grupo Aeroportuario del Pacífico, S.A.B. de C.V., together with its subsidiaries, develops, operates, and manages airports in Mexico and Jamaica. The company operates twelve international airports in Guadalajara and Tijuana areas, Mexico; and two international airports in Montego Bay, Jamaica. It also offers aeronautical services, such as passenger, aircraft landing, parking charges, leasing of space to these airlines, airport security and passenger walkway, and airport bus; complementary services, including baggage handling, catering, aircraft maintenance and repair, and fuel; cargo handling; and ground transportation services. In addition, the company provides non-aeronautical services, such as redesigning and modernizing terminal spaces and developing new projects; telephone and internet services; and ground handling services under the brand Primesky, as well as advertising services. Further, it engages in commercial activities comprising leasing space in terminals to airlines and other service providers; retail stores, such as souvenir and gift shops, fashion and footwear stores, pharmacies, jewelry, electronics, cosmetics, and others; and various food and beverage services, as well as leasing space to car rental service companies, including parking spots, lots, and car rental reservation booths; and leasing space to timeshare developers, financial service providers, communications, and to operators of duty-free stores. Additionally, the company operates parking facilities; VIP lounges; convenience stores; and vending machines. The company was incorporated in 1998 and is headquartered in Guadalajara, Mexico.;tech
PACK;Ranpak Holdings Corp., together with its subsidiaries, provides product protection solutions and end-of-line automation solutions for e-commerce and industrial supply chains in North America, Europe, and Asia. The company offers protective packaging solutions, such as void-fill protective systems that convert paper to fill empty spaces in secondary packages and protect objects under the FillPak brand; cushioning protective systems, which convert paper into cushioning pads under the PadPak brand; wrapping protective systems that create pads or paper mesh to wrap and protect fragile items, as well as to line boxes and provide separation when shipping various objects under the WrapPak, Geami, and ReadyRoll brands; and cold chain products, which are used to provide insulation for temperature controlled goods during transport. It also provides end-of-line packaging automation for product distribution and shipping, as well as products that help end users automate the void filling and box closure processes after product packing is complete. The company sells its products to end users primarily through a distributor network and directly to end-users. Ranpak Holdings Corp. was founded in 1972 and is headquartered in Concord Township, Ohio.;tech
PAG;Penske Automotive Group, Inc., a diversified transportation services company, operates automotive and commercial truck dealerships worldwide. The company operates through four segments: Retail Automotive, Retail Commercial Truck, Other, and Non-Automotive Investments. It operates dealerships under franchise agreements with various automotive manufacturers and distributors. The company is also involved in the sale of new and used vehicles, maintenance and repair services, sale and placement of third-party finance and insurance products, third-party extended service and maintenance contracts, replacement and aftermarket automotive products, collision repair services, and wholesale of parts. In addition, it operates a heavy and medium duty truck dealership, which offers Freightliner and Western Star branded trucks, as well as offers a range of used trucks. Further, it imports and distributes Western Star heavy-duty trucks, MAN heavy and medium duty trucks and buses, and Dennis Eagle refuse collection vehicles with associated parts, as well as distributes diesel and gas engines, and power systems. The company was incorporated in 1990 and is headquartered in Bloomfield Hills, Michigan. Penske Automotive Group, Inc. is a subsidiary of Penske Corporation, Inc.;tech
PAGS;PagSeguro Digital Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the provision of financial and payment solutions for consumers, individual entrepreneurs, micro-merchants, and small and medium-sized companies in Brazil and internationally. It provides digital banking solutions, including deposits, top-ups, debt management services, tax collections, wire transfers, ATM withdrawals, and various online and point-of-sale (POS) payment solutions; cards, such as debit, credit, cash, and prepaid cards; and credit products comprising FGTS withdrawals, payroll loans, working capital loans, and overdraft accounts. The company offers insurance services, including account, card, home, business, health assistance, life, and credit life insurance; investment services, such as investment and portfolio advisory, financial education, brokerage, fund management, treasury, and research services; and operates Shopping PagBank, a marketplace for various brands. In addition, it provides software solutions comprising PagVendas, a POS software app; ClubPag, a marketing tool that allows merchants to advertise across client base, available for POS devices; and PlugPag, a wireless solution that connects the machine to the commercial automation system, via Bluetooth technology. The company was founded in 2006 and is headquartered in São Paulo, Brazil.;tech
PAI;Western Asset Income Fund is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Western Asset Management Company. It is co-managed by Western Asset Management Company Limited. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. It primarily invests in investment grade debt, including government securities, bank debt, commercial paper, and cash or cash equivalents. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield Index and the Barclays U.S. Credit Index. Western Asset Income Fund was formed on March 22, 1973 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
PAM;Pampa Energía S.A. operates as an integrated power company in Argentina. The company operates through Oil and Gas; Generation; Petrochemicals; and Holding, Transportation and Others segments. It generates electricity through thermal plants, hydroelectric plants, and wind farms with a 5,472 megawatt (MW) installed capacity. The company also explores for and produces oil and gas in the provinces of Neuquén and Río Negro. In addition, it produces petrochemicals, such as styrene, synthetic rubber, and polystyrene. Further, the company operates and maintains a 22,396 km high-voltage electricity transmission network in Argentina. Additionally, it holds a concession for the transportation of natural gas with 9,248 km of gas pipelines in the center, west, and south of Argentina; and processes and sells natural gas liquids in Bahía Blanca in the Province of Buenos Aires, as well as offers related advisory services. The company was formerly known as Pampa Holding S.A. and changed its name to Pampa Energía S.A. in September 2008. Pampa Energía S.A. was incorporated in 1945 and is based in Buenos Aires, Argentina.;tech
PAR;PAR Technology Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides omnichannel cloud-based hardware and software solutions to the worldwide. The company offers PUNCHH, an enterprise-grade customer loyalty and engagement solution; PAR ORDERING, an e-commerce platform; PAR RETAIL, a digital engagement software solution; and PLEXURE, an international customer engagement and loyalty platform under the ENGAGEMENT CLOUD. It also provides PAR POS, a point-of-sale solution; TASK, an enterprise-grade technology solution; PAR OPS, which includes Data Central and Delaget; and PAR PAY, such as PAR payment services, and merchant services under the OPERATOR CLOUD. In addition, the company offers point-of-sale terminals and tablets, wireless headsets, drive-thru systems, kitchen display systems, kiosks, printers, payment devices, and other in-store peripherals. Further it provides services, such as hardware repair, installation and implementation, training, and on-site and technical support services. It serves enterprise restaurants, franchisees, and other restaurant outlets and to C-Stores; and other retail customers, including amusement parks, cinemas, cruise lines, spas, casinos, and other ticketing and entertainment venues. The company was founded in 1968 and is headquartered in New Hartford, New York.;tech
PARR;Par Pacific Holdings, Inc. operates as an energy company in the United States. The company operates through three segments: Refining, Retail, and Logistics. The Refining segment owns and operates refineries that produce gasoline, distillate, asphalt, and other products primarily for consumption in Kapolei, Hawaii, Newcastle, Wyoming, Tacoma, Washington, and Billings, Montana. The Retail segment operates fuel retail outlets that sell gasoline, diesel, and retail merchandise, such as soft drinks, prepared food, and other sundries under the Hele, 76, and nomnom brands in Hawaii, Washington, and Idaho, as well as unattended cardlock stations. The Logistics segment owns and operates terminals, pipelines, single point mooring, trucking operations, marine vessels, storage facilities, loading and truck racks, and rail facilities to distribute ethanol, petroleum, and refined products throughout Hawaii, the United States West Coast, Washington, the Dakotas, and Wyoming; and a jet fuel storage facility and pipeline that serves Ellsworth Air Force Base in South Dakota. The company also holds interest in refined products pipeline. In addition, it owns and operates a single point mooring in Hawaii, a marine terminal, a unit train-capable rail loading terminal; a truck rack, and a proprietary pipeline that serves Joint Base Lewis McChord. The company was formerly known as Par Petroleum Corporation and changed its name to Par Pacific Holdings, Inc. in October 2015. Par Pacific Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in 1984 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
PATH;UiPath Inc. provides an end-to-end automation platform that offers a range of robotic process automation (RPA) solutions primarily in the United States, Romania, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, and internationally. The company delivers software robots that emulate human actions with precision and speed for organizations to automate repetitive tasks. Its platform's embedded AI, ML, and NLP capabilities improve decisioning and information processing; allows users to design and combine UI automations, API integrations, and AI-based document understanding in a single workflow; multi-tenant platform enterprise deployment with security and governance and Automation Cloud, which allows rapid automation without infrastructure overhead; and intuitive interface and low-code, drag-and-drop functionality. The company provides mining capabilities analyze the digital footprint of users' processes across all systems; tracks, measures, and forecasts automation performance, providing actionable metrics and predictive insights to continuously optimize business processes and maximize return on investment; and designed to enable people and automations to work together with each focusing on the processes to enhance productivity and improve business outcomes. It serves financial services, healthcare, manufacturing, retail, and public sector. The company was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
PAY;Paymentus Holdings, Inc. provides cloud-based bill payment technology and solutions in the United States and internationally. The company offers electronic bill presentment and payment services, enterprise customer communication, and self-service revenue management to billers through a software-as-a-service technology platform. Its platform's payment processing includes credit cards, debit cards, eChecks, and digital wallets. The company serves utility, financial service, government, insurance, telecommunication, real estate management, education, consumer finance, healthcare, and small business industries. Paymentus Holdings, Inc. was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina.;tech
PAYC;Paycom Software, Inc. provides cloud-based human capital management (HCM) solution delivered as software-as-a-service for small to mid-sized companies in the United States. The company offers functionality and data analytics that businesses need to manage the employment life cycle from recruitment to retirement. Its HCM solution provides a suite of applications in the areas of talent acquisition, including applicant tracking, background checks, on-boarding, e-verify, and tax credit services; and time and labor management, such as time and attendance, scheduling, time-off requests, and labor allocation solutions. The company's HCM solution also offers payroll applications comprising better employee transaction interface, payroll and payroll tax management, payroll card, Everyday, Paycom pay, Client Action Center, expense management, garnishment administration, and GL concierge applications; and talent management applications that include employee self-service, compensation budgeting, performance management, position management, and Paycom learning. Its HCM solution provides manager on-the-go that gives supervisors and managers the ability to perform a variety of tasks, such as approving time-off requests and expense reimbursements; direct data exchange; ask here, a tool for direct line of communication to ask work-related questions; document and checklist; government and compliance; benefits administration; COBRA administration; personnel action and performance discussion forms; Paycom surveys; retirement reporting; report center; and affordable care act applications, as well as Clue, which securely collects, tracks, and manages the vaccination and testing data of the workforce. Paycom Software, Inc. was founded in 1998 and is based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.;tech
PB;Prosperity Bancshares, Inc. operates as bank holding company for the Prosperity Bank that provides financial products and services to businesses and consumers. It accepts various deposit products, such as demand, savings, money market, and time accounts, as well as and certificates of deposit. The company also offers 1-4 family residential mortgage, commercial real estate and multifamily residential, commercial and industrial, agricultural, and non-real estate agricultural loans, as well as construction, land development, and other land loans; consumer loans, including automobile, recreational vehicle, boat, home improvement, personal, and deposit account collateralized loans; term loans and lines of credit; and consumer durables and home equity loans, as well as loans for working capital, business expansion, and purchase of equipment and machinery. In addition, it provides digital banking, internet banking, mobile banking, trust and wealth management, retail brokerage, mortgage services, and treasury management, as well as debit and credit cards. The company was incorporated in 1983 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
PBA;Pembina Pipeline Corporation provides energy transportation and midstream services. It operates through three segments: Pipelines, Facilities, Marketing & New Ventures, and Corporate and Income Tax. The Pipelines segment operates conventional, oil sands and heavy oil, and transmission assets with a transportation capacity of 3.0 million of barrels of oil equivalent per day, the ground storage capacity of 10 million of barrels, and rail terminalling capacity of approximately 105 thousands of barrels of oil equivalent per day serving markets and basins across North America. The Facilities segment offers infrastructure that provides customers with crude oil, natural gas, condensate, and natural gas liquids (NGLs), including ethane, propane, butane, and condensate; and includes 430 thousands of barrels of NGL fractionation capacity, 21 million of barrels of cavern storage capacity, and various oil batteries, associated pipeline, and rail terminalling facilities and a liquefied propane export facility. The Marketing & New Ventures segment buys and sells hydrocarbon liquids and natural gas originating in the Western Canadian sedimentary basin and other basins. Pembina Pipeline Corporation was incorporated in 1954 and is headquartered in Calgary, Canada.;tech
PBF;PBF Energy Inc., through its subsidiaries, engages in refining and supplying petroleum products. The company operates through two segments, Refining and Logistics. It produces gasoline, ultra-low-sulfur diesel, heating oil, diesel fuel, jet fuel, lubricants, petrochemicals, and asphalt, as well as unbranded transportation fuels, petrochemical feedstocks, blending components, and other petroleum products. The company sells its products in Northeast, Midwest, Gulf Coast, and West Coast of the United States, as well as in other regions of the United States, Canada, Mexico, and internationally. It is also involved in the provision of various rail, truck, and marine terminaling services, as well as pipeline transportation and storage services. The company was founded in 2008 and is based in Parsippany, New Jersey.;tech
PBH;Prestige Consumer Healthcare Inc., together with its subsidiaries, develops, manufactures, markets, distributes, and sells over the counter (OTC) health and personal care products in North America, Australia, and internationally. The company operates in two segments, North American OTC Healthcare and International OTC Healthcare. It offers analgesic powders under the BC and Goody's brand; various diaper rash treatments and skin protectants for babies under the Boudreaux's Butt Paste brand name; sprays and lozenges to relieve sore throats and mouth pain under the Chloraseptic brand; eye care products that provide relief from redness and itchiness under the Clear Eyes brand name; at-home removal of common and plantar warts under the Compound W brand; and ear wax removal products under Debrox brand name. The company also provides dental guards, floss picks, interdental brushes, dental repair and kits, and tongue cleaners under the DenTek brand; motion sickness relief products under the Dramamine brand; enemas and other laxative products under the Fleet brand name; stomach upset remedies under the Gaviscon brand; cough drops under the Luden's brand; products for yeast infections in women under the Monistat brand name; lice and parasite treatments under the Nix name; feminine care products, including washes, cloths, and sprays under the Summer's Eve brand; products for dry eyes under the TheraTears brand; nasal saline sprays and washes under the Fess brand name; and oral rehydration products under the Hydralyte brand. It sells its products to mass merchandisers; and drug, food, dollar, convenience, and club stores, as well as e-commerce channels. The company was formerly known as Prestige Brands Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to Prestige Consumer Healthcare Inc. in August 2018. Prestige Consumer Healthcare Inc. was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Tarrytown, New York.;tech
PBI;Pitney Bowes Inc., operates as a technology-driven company that provides SaaS shipping solutions, mailing innovation, and financial services to small businesses, large enterprises, and government entities around the world. It operates through SendTech Solutions and Presort Services segments. The SendTech Solutions segment provides physical and digital shipping and mailing technology solutions, and other applications for sending, tracking and receiving of letters, parcels and flats, supplies, and maintenance services, as well as financing alternatives to finance equipment and product purchases. The Presort Services segment offers mail sortation services, which allow clients to qualify volumes of first-class mail, marketing mail, marketing mail flats, and bound printed matter for postal workshare discounts. It markets its products, solutions, and services through direct and inside sales force, global and regional partner channels, direct mailings, and digital channels. The company was formerly known as Pitney Bowes Postage Meter Company. Pitney Bowes Inc. was incorporated in 1920 and is headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut.;tech
PBR;Petróleo Brasileiro S.A. - Petrobras explores, produces, and sells oil and gas in Brazil and internationally. It operates through three segments: Exploration and Production; Refining, Transportation & Marketing; and Gas & Low Carbon Energies. The Exploration and Production segment explores, develops, and produces crude oil, natural gas liquids, and natural gas primarily for supplies to the domestic refineries. The Refining, Transportation and Marketing segment engages in the refining, logistics, transport, acquisition, and export of crude oil; trading of oil products; and production of fertilizers, as well as holding interests in petrochemical companies. The Gas and Low Carbon Energies segment is involved in the logistic and trading of natural gas and electricity; transportation and trading of liquefied natural gas; generation of electricity through thermoelectric power plants; renewable energy business; low carbon business; and natural gas processing business, as well as production of biodiesel and its co-products. The company also engages in prospecting, drilling, refining, processing, trading, and transporting crude oil from producing onshore and offshore oil fields, and shale or other rocks, as well as oil products, natural gas, and other liquid hydrocarbons. In addition, it engages in the research, development, production, transportation, distribution, and trading of energy. The company was incorporated in 1953 and is headquartered in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.;tech
PBT;Permian Basin Royalty Trust holds royalty interests in various oil and gas properties in the United States. The company holds a 75% net overriding royalty interest in Waddell Ranch properties, including Dune, Sand Hills (Judkins), Sand Hills (McKnight), Sand Hills (Tubb), University-Waddell (Devonian), and Waddell fields in Crane County, Texas. In addition, it holds a 95% net overriding royalty interest in Texas Royalty properties, having fields, such as Yates, Wasson, Sand Hills, East Texas, Kelly-Snyder, Panhandle Regular, N. Cowden, Todd, Keystone, Kermit, McElroy, Howard-Glasscock, Seminole, and others located in 33 counties across Texas. Its Texas Royalty properties comprise approximately 125 separate royalty interests containing approximately 51,000 net-producing acres. The company was founded in 1980 and is based in Dallas, Texas.;tech
PCF;High Income Securities Fund is a closed-ended balanced income mutual fund launched and managed by Putnam Investment Management, LLC. The fund is co-managed by Putnam Investments Limited. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It invests in both convertible bonds and convertible preferred stocks. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against a composite index comprising of 50% JPMorgan Developed High Yield Index and 50% BofA Merrill Lynch AllConvertibles Speculative Quality Index. The fund was formerly known as Putnam High Income Securities Fund High Income Securities Fund was formed on July 9, 1987 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
PCG;PG&E Corporation, through its subsidiary, Pacific Gas and Electric Company, engages in the sale and delivery of electricity and natural gas to customers in northern and central California, the United States. It generates electricity using nuclear, hydroelectric, fossil fuel-fired, fuel cell, and photovoltaic sources. The company owns and operates interconnected transmission lines; electric transmission substations, distribution lines, switching and distribution substations; and natural gas transmission, storage, and distribution system consisting of distribution pipelines, backbone and local transmission pipelines, and various storage facilities. It serves residential, commercial, industrial, and agricultural customers, as well as natural gas-fired electric generation facilities. PG&E Corporation was incorporated in 1905 and is based in Oakland, California.;tech
PCM;PCM Fund Inc. is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Allianz Global Investors Fund Management LLC. The fund is co-managed by Pacific Investment Management Company LLC. It seeks to invest in fixed income markets. The fund invests primarily in commercial mortgage-backed securities. It employs fundamental analysis with a focus on top down stock picking approach to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against Barclay's CMBS Investment Grade Index. PCM Fund Inc was formed on September 2, 1993 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
PCN;PIMCO Corporate & Income Strategy Fund is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Allianz Global Investors Fund Management LLC. The fund is co-managed by Pacific Investment Management Company LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund invests in securities of companies that operate across diversified sectors. It invests in fixed income securities such as treasury bonds, corporate notes, U.S. government agency securities, mortgage backed and asset-backed securities. The fund employs fundamental analysis with a top-down security selection process to create its portfolio. The fund was formerly known as PIMCO Corporate Income Fund. PIMCO Corporate & Income Strategy Fund was formed on October 17, 2001 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
PCOR;Procore Technologies, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides a cloud-based construction management platform and related products and services in the United States and internationally. Its platform enables owners, general and specialty contractors, architects, and engineers to collaborate on construction projects. The company offers Preconstruction that facilitates collaboration between internal and external stakeholders during the takeoff, planning, budgeting, estimating, bidding, design, and partner selection phases of a construction project; and Project Execution, which enables collaboration, information transmission and storage, and safety regulation compliance for teams on the jobsite and in the back office. It also provides Resource Management, that helps customers to schedule, track, and forecast workforce and equipment productivity, improve time management, communicate with workforces, optimize procurement and movement of materials, and manage profitability on construction projects; and Financial Management, which provides customers with visibility into the financial health of their individual construction projects and portfolios, as well as facilitates untethered access to financial data, and support payments between key stakeholders. The company serves owners, general contractors, and specialty contractors operating in the residential and non-residential segments of the construction industry. The company allow users to access its products on computers, smartphones, and tablets through any web browser or from its mobile application available for iOS and Android platforms through its direct sales team. Procore Technologies, Inc. was incorporated in 2002 and is headquartered in Carpinteria, California.;tech
PD;PagerDuty, Inc. engages in the operation of a digital operations management platform in the United States and internationally. The company's digital operations management platform collects data and digital signals from virtually any software-enabled system or device and leverage machine learning to correlate, process, and predict opportunities and incidents. Its platform includes PagerDuty Incident Management that provides a real-time view across the status of a digital service; AIOps that applies machine learning to correlate and automate the identification of incidents from billions of events; automation offers centralized design time and run time environment for orchestrating automated workflows; customer service operations, which is offered to orchestrate, automate, and scale responses to customer impacting issues; and artificial intelligence that helps in identifying next best action, generation of status updates, automatic generation of post-incident summaries, and others. The company serves various industries, including software and technology, telecommunications, retail, travel and hospitality, media and entertainment, and financial services. PagerDuty, Inc. was founded in 2009 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
PDM;Piedmont Office Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE: PDM) is an owner, manager, developer, redeveloper, and operator of high-quality, Class A office properties located primarily in the Sunbelt. Its approximately $5 billion, predominantly unencumbered portfolio is currently comprised of approximately 16 million square feet. The Company is a fully integrated, self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT) with local management offices in each of its markets and is investment-grade rated by Moody's (Baa3) and Fitch (BBB-). Piedmont is a 2024 ENERGY STAR Partner of the Year - Sustained Excellence.;tech
PDS;Precision Drilling Corporation, a drilling company, provides onshore drilling, completion, and production services to exploration and production companies in the oil and natural gas and geothermal industries in the United States, Canada, and internationally. It operates through Contract Drilling Services; and Completion and Production Services segments. The Contract Drilling Services segment offers onshore well drilling services to exploration and production companies in the oil, natural gas, and geothermal industry. This segment also offers services include land and turnkey drilling; and procurement and distribution of oilfield supplies, as well as manufacture and repair of drilling and service rig equipment. In addition, it operates land drilling rigs in Canada, the United States, and the Middle East. Further, the company offers automation solutions for drilling operations comprising AlphaAutomation, AlphaApps, AlphaAnalytics, and AlphaARMS; and EverGreen suite of environmental solutions comprising EverGreenMonitoring, EverGreenEnergy, and EverGreenHydrogen. The Completion and Production Services segment provides service rigs for well completion, workover, abandonment, maintenance, and re-entry preparation services; equipment rentals; and camp and catering services to oil and natural gas exploration and production companies. This segment also operates well completion and workover service rigs. Precision Drilling Corporation was founded in 1951 and is headquartered in Calgary, Canada.;tech
PDT;John Hancock Premium Dividend Fund is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by John Hancock Investment Management LLC. It is co-managed by John Hancock Asset Management. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors, with an emphasis on the utilities sector. The fund primarily invests in dividend paying preferred stocks and common stocks of companies. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against a composite benchmark comprised of 70% Bank of America Merrill Lynch Preferred Stock DRD Eligible Index and 30% S&P 500 Utilities Index. The fund was formerly known as John Hancock Patriot Premium Dividend Fund II. John Hancock Premium Dividend Fund was formed on December 21, 1989 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
PEG;Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated, through its subsidiaries, operates in electric and gas utility, and nuclear generation businesses in the United States. It operates through PSE&G and PSEG Power segments. The PSE&G segment transmits electricity; distributes electricity and natural gas to residential, commercial, and industrial customers; and appliance services and repairs to customers through its service territory, as well as invests in solar generation projects, and energy efficiency and related programs. The PSEG Power segment engages in nuclear generation businesses; and supplies power and natural gas to nuclear power plants and gas storage facilities activities. As of December 31, 2024, it had electric transmission and distribution system of 25,000 circuit miles and 869,000 poles; 57 switching stations with an installed capacity of 40,000 megavolt-amperes (MVA), and 234 substations with an installed capacity of 10,750 MVA; four electric distribution headquarters and five electric sub-headquarters; 18,000 miles of gas mains, 12 gas distribution headquarters, two sub-headquarters, and two meter shop, as well as 54 natural gas metering and regulating stations; and 158 MegaWatts defined conditions of installed PV solar capacity. Public Service Enterprise Group Incorporated was founded in 1903 and is based in Newark, New Jersey.;tech
PEN;Penumbra, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, manufactures, and markets medical devices in the United States and internationally. The company offers peripheral thrombectomy products, including the Indigo System for power aspiration of thrombus in the body; Lightning Flash, a mechanical thrombectomy system; Lightning Bolt 7, an arterial thrombectomy system; and CAT RX. It also provides access products, including guide catheters and the Penumbra distal delivery catheters under the Neuron, Neuron MAX, BENCHMARK, BMX, DDC, MIDWAY, and PX SLIM brands; Penumbra System, an integrated mechanical thrombectomy system comprising reperfusion catheters and separators, the 3D Revascularization device, aspiration tubing, and aspiration pump under the Penumbra RED, SENDit, JET, ACE, BMX, Max, 3D Revascularization Device, and Penumbra ENGINE brands; and neuro embolization coiling systems that includes the Penumbra Coil 400, a detachable coil that provides an alternative for the treatment of aneurysms and other complex lesions, as well as detachable coils to treat patients with a wide range of neurovascular lesions under the Penumbra SMART COIL and Penumbra SwiftPAC Coil brands; and POD400 and PAC400 brands. In addition, the company provides peripheral embolization products, such as Ruby Coil System consisting of detachable coils for peripheral applications; Penumbra LANTERN Delivery Microcatheter, a low-profile microcatheter with a high-flow lumen; POD (Penumbra Occlusion Device) System, a single device solution; and Packing Coil, a complementary device for use in other peripheral embolization products. Further, it offers neurosurgical tools comprising Artemis Neuro Evacuation Device for surgical removal of fluid and tissue from the ventricles and cerebrum. The company sells its products through direct sales organizations and distributors. Penumbra, Inc. was incorporated in 2004 and is headquartered in Alameda, California.;tech
PEO;Adams Natural Resources Fund, Inc. is a publicly owned investment manager. The firm invests in the public equity markets across the globe. The firm manages closed-end equity fund focused on the energy and material sectors. It invests in stocks of companies of all market capitalizations operating in the energy and natural resources sector including oil companies, exploration and production, utilities, services, and basic materials sectors. The firm employs a fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock picking approach while focusing on earnings growth prospects, defendable market position, market competition, macroeconomic backdrop, cash flow generation, valuation, capital allocation, return on capital, mileposts and catalysts, and point in cycle identification to make its investments. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolios against a composite index of 80% Dow Jones Oil and Gas Index and 20% Dow Jones Basic Materials Index. The firm was formerly known as Petroleum & Resources Corporation. Adams Natural Resources Fund, Inc. was founded in 1929 and is based in Baltimore, Maryland with an additional office in Boston, Massachusetts.;tech
PERF;Perfect Corp., an artificial intelligence software as a service company, provides artificial intelligence (AI)- and augmented reality (AR)-powered solutions for beauty, fashion, and skincare industries worldwide. It offers AI- and AR-makeup; AI skin diagnosis; AI- and AR-hair color dye and hairstyle; AI hair color AI hairstyle; AI- and AR-jewelry (earrings, rings, and bracelets); AI- and AR-accessories, glasses, and watches; AI- and AR-nails; AI avatar; AI selfie; AI text-to-image; and AI headshot and AI studio. The company provides AI photo editing tools, such as AI remove background, AI blur background, AI object removal, AI image extender, AI replacement, and AI photo/video enhancement; and AI face attributes and AI product recommendation. In addition, it offers YouCam platform apps, including YouCam makeup, YouCam perfect, YouCam video, YouCam AI Pro, YouCam enhance, and YouCam nails. Further, it provides licensing offline technology software development kit (SDK) and AR/AI offline solutions; AR/AI cloud solutions and subscription; and advertisement services, as well as designs and develops apps to brand customers. It serves brand owners and individual consumers. The company was founded in 2015 and is headquartered in New Taipei City, Taiwan.;tech
PEW;GrabAGun Digital Holdings Inc. operates as a eCommerce retailer of firearms and ammunition, related accessories, and other outdoor enthusiast products. The company is headquartered in Coppell, Texas.;tech
PFD;Flaherty & Crumrine Preferred Income Fund Inc. is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Flaherty & Crumrine Incorporated. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It invests in the stocks of companies operating in the financials sector. The fund primarily invests in preferred securities. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Capital U.S. Aggregate Index and S&P 500 Index. Flaherty & Crumrine Preferred Income Fund Inc was formed on September 28, 1990 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
PFE;Pfizer Inc. discovers, develops, manufactures, markets, distributes, and sells biopharmaceutical products in the United States and internationally. The company offers medicines and vaccines in various therapeutic areas, including cardiovascular and migraine under the Eliquis, Nurtec ODT/Vydura, Zavzpret, and the Premarin family brands; infectious diseases with unmet medical needs under the Prevnar family, Abrysvo, Nimenrix, FSME/IMMUN-TicoVac, and Trumenba brands; and COVID-19 prevention and treatment, and potential future mRNA and antiviral products under the Comirnaty and Paxlovid brands. It also provides medicines and vaccines in various therapeutic areas, such as biosimilars for chronic immune and inflammatory diseases under the Xeljanz, Enbrel, Inflectra, Litfulo, Velsipity, and Cibinqo brands; amyloidosis, hemophilia, endocrine diseases, and sickle cell disease under the Vyndaqel family, Oxbryta, BeneFIX, Somavert, Ngenla, and Genotropin brands; sterile injectable and anti-infective medicines under the Sulperazon, Medrol, Zavicefta, Zithromax, Octagam, and Panzyga brands; and biologics, small molecules, immunotherapies, and biosimilars under the Ibrance, Xtandi, Padcev, Adcetris, Inlyta, Lorbrena, Bosulif, Tukysa, Braftovi, Mektovi, Orgovyx, Elrexfio, Tivdak, and Talzenna brands. In addition, the company involved in the contract manufacturing business. It serves wholesalers, retailers, hospitals, clinics, government agencies, pharmacies, individual provider offices, retail pharmacies, and integrated delivery systems. The company has collaboration agreements with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company; Astellas Pharma US, Inc.; Merck KGaA; and BioNTech SE. Pfizer Inc. was founded in 1849 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
PFGC;Performance Food Group Company, through its subsidiaries, engages in the marketing and distribution of food and food-related products in North America. It operates through three segments: Foodservice, Convenience, and Specialty. The company offers beef, pork, poultry, and seafood; frozen food and refrigerated products; dry groceries comprising cleaning and kitchen supplies and disposables; candy, snacks, and beverages; and fresh products, groceries, dairy, bread, beverages, general merchandise, and health and beauty care products, as well as cigarettes and other nicotine products. It also operates distribution centers. In addition, the company provides marketing programs and technology solutions to customer locations, as well as value-added services in the areas of product selection and procurement, menu development, and operational strategy. It serves individual restaurants, national and regional chain restaurants, vending distributors, theaters, retailers, and national, regional, and independent convenience stores. Performance Food Group Company was founded in 1885 and is headquartered in Richmond, Virginia.;tech
PFLT;PennantPark Floating Rate Capital Ltd. is a business development company. It seeks to make secondary direct, debt, equity, and loan investments. The fund seeks to invest through floating rate loans in private or thinly traded or small market-cap, public middle market companies. It primarily invests in the United States and to a limited extent non-U.S. companies. The fund typically invests between $2 million and $20 million. The fund also invests in equity securities, such as preferred stock, common stock, warrants or options received in connection with debt investments or through direct investments. It primarily invests between $10 million and $50 million in investments in senior secured loans and mezzanine debt. It seeks to invest in companies not rated by national rating agencies. The companies if rated would be between BB and CCC under the Standard & Poor's system. The fund invests 30% is invested in non-qualifying assets like investments in public companies whose securities are not thinly traded or do not have a market capitalization of less than $250 million, securities of middle-market companies located outside of the United States, high-yield bonds, distressed debt, private equity, securities of public companies that are not thinly traded, and investment companies as defined in the 1940 Act. Under normal conditions, the fund expects atleast 80 percent of its net assets plus any borrowings for investment purposes to be invested in Floating Rate Loans and investments with similar economic characteristics, including cash equivalents invested in money market funds. It expects to represent 65 percent of its portfolio through senior secured loans. In case of floating rate loans, it holds investments for a period of three to ten years.;tech
PFO;Flaherty & Crumrine Preferred Income Opportunity Fund Inc. is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Flaherty & Crumrine Incorporated. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It invests in stocks of companies operating in the financial services sector. The fund primarily invests in preferred securities. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against S&P 500 Index and Barclays Capital U.S. Aggregate Index. Flaherty & Crumrine Preferred Income Opportunity Fund Inc. was formed on December 10, 1991 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
PFS;Provident Financial Services, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for Provident Bank that provides various banking products and services to individuals, families, and businesses in the United States. Its deposit products include savings, checking, interest-bearing checking, money market deposit, and certificate of deposit accounts, as well as IRA products. The company's loan portfolio comprises commercial real estate loans that are secured by properties, such as multi-family apartment buildings, retail and industrial properties, and office buildings; commercial business loans; fixed-rate and adjustable-rate mortgage loans collateralized by one- to four-family residential real estate properties; commercial construction loans; and consumer loans consisting of home equity loans, home equity lines of credit, personal loans and unsecured lines of credit, and auto and recreational vehicle loans. It also offers cash management, remote deposit capture, payroll origination, escrow account management, and online and mobile banking services; and business credit cards. In addition, the company provides wealth management services comprising investment management, trust and estate administration, financial planning, and tax compliance and planning. Further, it sells insurance and investment products, including annuities; and manages and sells real estate properties acquired through foreclosure. The company was founded in 1839 and is headquartered in Jersey City, New Jersey.;tech
PG;The Procter & Gamble Company provides branded consumer packaged goods worldwide. It operates through Beauty; Grooming; Health Care; Fabric & Home Care; and Baby, Feminine & Family Care segments. The company offers conditioners, shampoos, styling aids, and treatments under the Head & Shoulders, Herbal Essences, Pantene, and Rejoice brands; antiperspirants, deodorants, and personal cleansing products under the Native, Old Spice, Safeguard, and Secret brands; and facial moisturizers, cleaners, and treatments under the Olay and SK-II brands. It also provides blades, razors, shave products, appliances, and other grooming products under the Braun, Gillette, and Venus brands. In addition, the company offers toothbrushes, toothpastes, and other oral care products under the Crest and Oral-B brands; and gastrointestinal, pain relief, rapid diagnostics, respiratory, vitamins/minerals/supplements, and other personal health care products under the Metamucil, Neurobion, Pepto-Bismol, and Vicks brands. Further, it provides fabric enhancers, and laundry additives and detergents under the Ariel, Downy, Gain, and Tide brands; and air and dish care, P&G professional, and surface care under the Cascade, Dawn, Fairy, Febreze, Mr. Clean, and Swiffer brands. Additionally, the company offers baby wipes, and taped diapers and pants under the Luvs and Pampers brands; adult incontinence and menstrual care products under the Always, Always Discreet, and Tampax brands; and paper towels, tissues, and toilet papers under the Bounty, Charmin, and Puffs brands. It sells its products through mass merchandisers, social and e-commerce channels, grocery and specialty beauty stores, membership club stores, drug and department stores, distributors, wholesalers, airport duty-free and high-frequency stores, pharmacies, electronics stores, and professional channels, as well as directly to consumers. The Procter & Gamble Company was founded in 1837 and is headquartered in Cincinnati, Ohio.;tech
PGR;The Progressive Corporation operates as an insurance company in the United States. The company writes insurance for personal autos and special lines products, including motorcycles, RVs, and watercraft; and personal residential property insurance for homeowners and renters. It also writes auto-related liability and physical damage insurance for comprising dump trucks, log trucks, garbage trucks, tractors, trailers, straight trucks, tow trucks and wreckers, vans, pick-up trucks, and autos; business-related general liability and commercial property insurance for small businesses; and workers' compensation insurance for the transportation industry. In addition, the company offers other specialty property-casualty insurance and provide related services; personal property reinsurance products; and involved in investment activities. It sells its products through independent insurance agencies, as well as online and over the phone. The Progressive Corporation was founded in 1937 and is headquartered in Mayfield Village, Ohio.;tech
PGRE;Paramount Group, Inc. ("Paramount" or the "Company") is a fully-integrated real estate investment trust that owns, operates, manages, acquires and redevelops high-quality, Class A office properties located in select central business district submarkets of New York and San Francisco. Paramount is focused on maximizing the value of its portfolio by leveraging the sought-after locations of its assets and its proven property management capabilities to attract and retain high-quality tenants.;tech
PH;Parker-Hannifin Corporation manufactures and sells motion and control technologies and systems for aerospace and defense, in-plant and industrial equipment, transportation, off-highway, energy, and HVAC and refrigeration markets in North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, and Latin America. The company operates through two segments: Diversified Industrial and Aerospace Systems. It offers various motion-control systems and components, such as active and passive vibration control, high purity sealing, coatings, high temperature sealing, cryogenic valves and fittings, HVAC/R controls and monitoring, elastomeric, fabric reinforced, metal, precision cut seals, hydrogen and natural gas filters, electric and hydraulic pumps and motors, industrial air, gas filtration, electric and hydraulic valves, miniature pumps and valves, electromagnetic interface shielding, pneumatic actuators, regulators and valves, electromechanical and hydraulic actuators, power take offs, electronics, drives and controllers, process filtration solutions, engine filtration solutions, rubber to substrate adhesives, fluid condition monitoring, sensors and diagnostics, fluid conveyance hose and tubing, structural adhesives, high pressure connectors, fittings, valves and regulators, thermal management, high purity fittings. The company also provides products for use in commercial and defense airframe and engine programs, such as avionics, electric and hydraulic braking systems, electric power, electromechanical actuators, engine exhaust systems and components, fire detection and suppression, flight control systems, fluid conveyance, fuel systems and components, fuel tank inserting systems, hydraulic pumps and motors, hydraulic valves and actuators, pneumatics, seals, sensors, and thermal management products. The company sells its products to original equipment manufacturers, distributors, direct-sales employees. Parker-Hannifin Corporation was founded in 1917 and is headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio.;tech
PHD;Pioneer Floating Rate Fund, Inc. is closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Pioneer Investment Management, Inc. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund primarily invests in senior secured floating-rate loans. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays U.S. High Yield Loans Index. Pioneer Floating Rate Fund, Inc. was formed on October 6, 2004 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
PHG;Koninklijke Philips N.V. operates as a health technology company in North America, the Greater China, and internationally. The company operates through Diagnosis & Treatment, Connected Care, and Personal Health segments. It provides diagnostic imaging solutions, includes magnetic resonance imaging; X-ray systems; and computed tomography (CT) systems and software comprising detector-based spectral CT solutions; ultrasound imaging solutions focused on diagnosis, treatment planning and guidance for cardiac, general imaging, obstetrics/gynecology, and point-of-care applications; integrated interventional X-ray systems and software solutions; and interventional image devices and software to aid in the diagnosis, navigation, treatment, and confirmation in minimally invasive interventional coronary, peripheral vascular, and hearth rhythm management procedures. The company also offers acute patient management solutions; emergency care solutions; patient care management in ambulatory and home care; sleep and respiratory care solutions; and vendor-agnostic software solutions. In addition, it provides power toothbrushes, brush heads, and interdental cleaning and teeth whitening products; infant feeding, baby monitors, and digital parental and women's health solutions; and grooming and beauty products and solutions. The company was formerly known as Koninklijke Philips Electronics N.V. and changed its name to Koninklijke Philips N.V. in May 2013. Koninklijke Philips N.V. was founded in 1891 and is headquartered in Amsterdam, the Netherlands.;tech
PHI;PLDT Inc. provides telecommunications and digital services in the Philippines. The company operates through three segments: Wireless, Fixed Line, and Others. It offers cellular mobile, internet broadband distribution, operations support, software development, and satellite information and messaging services; and sells Wi-Fi access equipment. The company also provides fixed line telecommunications services; business infrastructure and solutions; intelligent data processing and implementation, and data analytics insight generation services; and information and communications infrastructure for Internet-based services, e-commerce, customer relationship management, and information technology (IT) related services. In addition, it offers managed IT outsourcing, Internet-based purchasing, IT consulting and professional, and bills printing and other related value-added services; provides full-services customer rewards and loyalty programs; and distributes Filipino channels and content services. Further, the company engages in the sale of mobile handsets, broadband data routers, tablets, and accessories; and cross-border digital platforms, and other allied services. Additionally, it provides gaming support services; internet services; mobile internet and broadband, and data services; content and mobile application; IT solutions; data and multi-media services; domestic leased lines; alternative messaging solutions, such as over-the-top services, social media, and messenger application; inbound roaming and other services; mobile prepaid and postpaid services; and fixed wireless broadband services. The company was formerly known as Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company and changed its name to PLDT Inc. in July 2016. PLDT Inc. was incorporated in 1928 and is headquartered in Makati City, the Philippines.;tech
PHIN;PHINIA Inc. engages in the development, design, and manufacture of integrated components and systems. The company operates through Fuel Systems and Aftermarket segments. The Fuel Systems segment provides advanced fuel injection systems, including pumps, injectors, fuel rail assemblies, and engine control modules; fuel delivery modules; canisters; sensors; and electronic control modules. The segment also offers complete systems comprising software and calibration services that reduce emissions and enhance fuel economy for traditional and hybrid applications. The Aftermarket segment is involved in the sale of starters, alternators, and remanufactured products, as well as maintenance, test equipment, and vehicle diagnostics solutions to original equipment manufacturers and original equipment service customers. Its products are used for commercial vehicles and industrial applications, such as medium-duty and heavy-duty trucks, buses and other off-highway construction, marine, agricultural and industrial applications; light commercial vehicles, including vans and trucks; and light passenger vehicles, including passenger cars, mini-vans, cross-overs and sport-utility vehicles. PHINIA Inc. was incorporated in 2023 and is based in Auburn Hills, Michigan.;tech
PHR;Phreesia, Inc. provides an integrated SaaS-based software and payment platform for the healthcare industry in the United States and Canada. The company offers an appointment scheduling system for online appointments, reminders, and referral tracking and management; registration solutions to automate patient self-registration; revenue cycle solutions that provide insurance-verification processes, point-of-sale payments applications, post-visit payment collection, and flexible payment options; and network solutions to deliver clinically relevant content to patients. It deploys its platform in a range of modalities, including Phreesia Mobile, a patients' mobile device; PhreesiaPads, a self-service intake tablets; Phreesia Dashboard, a web-based dashboard for healthcare services clients; and Arrivals Kiosks, which are on-site kiosks. The company serves a range of healthcare services clients, including single-specialty practices, multi-specialty groups, and health systems; and pharmaceutical, medical device, and biotechnology companies, as well as government entities and other organizations. Phreesia, Inc. was incorporated in 2005 and is based in Wilmington, Delaware.;tech
PHT;Pioneer High Income Fund, Inc. is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Pioneer Investment Management, Inc. It invests in fixed income markets of the United States. The fund primarily invests in below-investment-grade bonds, high-yield corporate bonds, and convertible securities. It seeks to invest in bonds that are rated BBB- or lower by Standard and Poor's or a similar national rating service. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Bank of America Merrill Lynch High Yield Master II Index. Pioneer High Income Fund, Inc. was formed on April 25, 2002 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
PII;Polaris Inc. designs, engineers, manufactures, and markets powersports vehicles in the United States, Canada, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Off-Road, On-Road, and Marine. The company offers off-road vehicles (ORVs), including all-terrain vehicles and side-by-side vehicles; military and commercial ORVs; snowmobiles; motorcycles; and moto-roadsters, quadricycles, and boats. It also provides ORV accessories comprising winches, bumper/brushguards, plows, racks, wheels and tires, pull-behinds, cab systems, lighting and audio systems, cargo box accessories, and tracks; snowmobile accessories, which include covers, traction products, reverse kits, electric starters, tracks, bags, windshields, replacement parts, and lubricants; and motorcycle accessories, such as saddle bags, handlebars, backrests, exhausts, windshields, seats, oil, and various chrome accessories. In addition, the company offers light duty hauling and passenger vehicles; gear and apparel, such as helmets, goggles, jackets, gloves, boots, bibs, hats, and pants; and pontoon and deck boats. It provides its products through dealers and distributors, and online; and retail and e-commerce marketplaces. The company was formerly known as Polaris Industries Inc. Polaris Inc. was founded in 1945 and is headquartered in Medina, Minnesota.;tech
PIM;Putnam Master Intermediate Income Trust is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Putnam Investment Management, LLC. The fund is co-managed by Putnam Investments Limited. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund invests in bonds of companies operating across diversified sectors. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Capital Government/Credit Bond Index. Putnam Master Intermediate Income Trust was formed on April 29, 1988 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
PINE;Alpine Income Property Trust, Inc. (the Company or PINE) is a real estate investment trust (REIT) that owns and operates a high-quality portfolio of commercial net lease properties. The terms us, we, our, and the Company as used in this report refer to Alpine Income Property Trust, Inc. together with our consolidated subsidiaries. Our income property portfolio consists of 129 net leased properties located in 34 states. The properties in our portfolio are primarily subject to long-term, net leases, which generally require the tenant to pay directly or reimburse us for property operating expenses such as real estate taxes, insurance, assessments and other governmental fees, utilities, repairs and maintenance and certain capital expenditures. The Company may also acquire or originate commercial loans and investments. Our investments in commercial loans are generally secured by real estate or the borrower's pledge of its ownership interest in an entity that owns real estate. As more fully described in Note 4, Commercial Loans and Investments, the three Tampa Properties (defined in Note 4 below), which were purchased during the year ended December 31, 2024 through a sale-leaseback transaction that includes a tenant repurchase option are, for GAAP purposes, accounted for as a financing arrangement. However, as the Tampa Properties constitute real estate assets for both legal and tax purposes, we include the Tampa Properties in the property portfolio when describing our property portfolio and for purposes of providing statistics related thereto. The Company operates in two primary business segments: income properties and commercial loans and investments The Company has no employees and is externally managed by Alpine Income Property Manager, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of CTO Realty Growth, Inc. (our Manager). CTO Realty Growth, Inc. (NYSE: CTO) is a Maryland corporation that is a publicly traded REIT and the sole member of our Manager (CTO). All of our executive officers also serve as executive officers of CTO, and one of our executive officers and directors, John P. Albright, also serves as an executive officer and director of CTO.;tech
PINS;Pinterest, Inc. operates as a visual search and discovery platform in the United States, Canada, Europe, and internationally. The company's platform allows people to find ideas, such as recipes, home and style inspiration, and others; and to search, save, and shop the ideas. It also offers various advertising products to help advertisers meet users; and ad auction that allows to serve ads to users at relevant moments while optimizing business outcomes for advertisers. The company was formerly known as Cold Brew Labs Inc. and changed its name to Pinterest, Inc. in April 2012. Pinterest, Inc. was incorporated in 2008 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
PIPR;Piper Sandler Companies operates as an investment bank and institutional securities firm that serves corporations, private equity groups, public entities, non-profit entities, and institutional investors in the United States and internationally. It offers investment banking services, institutional sales, and trading services for various equity and fixed income products; research services; advisory services, such as mergers and acquisitions, equity and debt financings, private capital advisory, equity and debt private placements, and debt and restructuring advisory; municipal financial advisory and loan placement services; and various over-the-counter derivative products, as well as underwrites municipal issuances. The company also provides public finance investment banking services that focus on state and local governments, special districts and development infrastructure, project finance, and cultural and social service non-profit entities, as well as the education, healthcare, hospitality, senior living, housing, and transportation sectors. In addition, it offers equity and fixed income advisory and trade execution services for institutional investors, corporations, and government and non-profit entities. Further, the company has alternative asset management funds in merchant banking and healthcare to invest firm capital and to manage capital from outside investors. The company was formerly known as Piper Jaffray Companies and changed its name to Piper Sandler Companies in January 2020. Piper Sandler Companies was founded in 1895 and is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota.;tech
PJT;PJT Partners Inc., an investment bank, provides various strategic advisory, shareholder advisory, capital markets advisory, and restructuring and special situations services to corporations, financial sponsors, institutional investors, and governments worldwide. It offers advisory services to clients on various transactions, including mergers and acquisitions (M&A), spin-offs, activism defense, contested M&A, joint ventures, minority investments, and divestitures. The company also provides advisory services for private and public company boards and management teams on strategies for building productive investor relationships with a focus on shareholder engagement; complex investor matters; and other critical strategic, governance, and shareholder matters. In addition, it offers advisory services related to debt and equity markets, including debt financings; acquisition financings; structured product offerings; public equity raises initial public offerings, private capital raises, and other capital structure related matters. Further, the company provides geopolitical and policy advisory practice that assists corporate boards and management teams with navigating changing geopolitical relationships. Additionally, it offers advisory services in the areas of liability management, financial restructuring and reorganization, distressed M&A, and chapter 11 matters, as well as to management teams, corporate boards, and sponsors and creditors. The company also provides private fund advisory and fundraising services for a range of investment strategies; and advisory services to general and limited partners on liquidity and other structured solutions. The company was formerly known as Blackstone Advisory Inc. and changed its name to PJT Partners Inc. in March 2015. PJT Partners Inc. was incorporated in 2014 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
PKE;Park Aerospace Corp., an aerospace company, develops and manufactures solution and hot-melt advanced composite materials used to produce composite structures for the aerospace market in North America, Asia, and Europe. It offers advanced composite materials, including film adhesives and lightning strike protection materials used to produce primary and secondary structures for jet engines, large and regional transport aircraft, military aircraft, unmanned aerial vehicles, business jets, general aviation aircraft, and rotary wing aircraft. The company also provides specialty ablative materials for rocket motors and nozzles; and specially designed materials for radome applications. In addition, it designs and fabricates composite parts, structures and assemblies, and low volume tooling for the aerospace industry. The company was formerly known as Park Electrochemical Corp. and changed its name to Park Aerospace Corp. in July 2019. Park Aerospace Corp. was incorporated in 1954 and is based in Westbury, New York.;tech
PKG;Packaging Corporation of America manufactures and sells containerboard and uncoated freesheet (UFS) paper products in North America. The company operates through Packaging and Paper segments. The Packaging segment offers various containerboard and corrugated packaging products, such as conventional shipping containers used to protect and transport manufactured goods; multi-color boxes and displays that help to merchandise the packaged product in retail locations; and honeycomb protective packaging products, as well as packaging for meat, fresh fruit and vegetables, processed food, beverages, and other industrial and consumer products. This segment sells its corrugated products through a direct sales and marketing organization. The Paper segment manufactures and sells commodity and specialty papers, as well as communication papers, including cut-size office papers, and printing and converting papers; and white papers. This segment sells papers through its sales and marketing organization. Packaging Corporation of America was founded in 1867 and is headquartered in Lake Forest, Illinois.;tech
PKST;Peakstone Realty Trust (NYSE: PKST) is an internally managed real estate investment trust currently shifting its portfolio composition towards industrial properties. PKST's objective is to grow its portfolio through investments in the industrial outdoor storage ("IOS") subsector. The Company's existing portfolio includes high-quality, predominantly single-tenant industrial and office properties located in strategic markets. PKST OP, L.P., our operating partnership (the "Operating Partnership"), owns, directly and indirectly all of the Company's assets. As of December 31, 2024, the Company owned, directly and indirectly through a wholly-owned subsidiary. approximately 93.0% of the outstanding common units of limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership ("OP Units"). As of December 31, 2024, our portfolio is comprised of 103 properties, consisting of 97 operating properties and six redevelopment properties (those designated for redevelopment or repositioning) reported in two segments - Industrial and Office.;tech
PKX;POSCO Holdings Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an integrated steel producer in Korea and internationally. It operates through six segments: Steel, Trading, Construction, Logistics and Others, Green Materials and Energy, and Others. The company engages in the production, import, sale, and export of steel products, such as hot and cold rolled steel, stainless steel, plates, wire rods, and silicon steel sheets, as well as pig iron, billets, blooms, and slabs; trading of steel and raw materials, textiles, agricultural commodities, and other goods; natural resources development and power generation activities; and planning, designing, and construction of industrial plants, civil engineering projects, and commercial and residential buildings. It is also involved in the manufacture and sale of various energy-related and other industrial materials, including anode and cathode materials for rechargeable batteries; investment business; and provision of alternative environmentally-friendly energy solutions, as well as information technology and operational technology, and integrated logistics services. POSCO Holdings Inc. was incorporated in 1968 and is based in Seoul, South Korea.;tech
PL;Planet Labs PBC engages in the design, construction, and launch constellations of satellites with the intent of providing high cadence geospatial data delivered to customers through an online platform the United States and internationally. The company's platform offers planet monitoring, tasking, archive, apps, application programming interfaces (APIs), basemaps, and fusion, as well as analytic feeds and planetary variables. It also provides Tanager, a hyperspectral imaging satellite that delivers full-spectrum imagery across the visible and shortwave infrared regions; and Earth Observation platform, which enables customers and partners to access, analyze, and act on its proprietary data catalog by discovering relevant data layers, extracting useful information, and delivering insights through custom-build solutions or GIS workflows through APIs and browser-based applications. It serves agriculture, mapping, energy, forestry, finance, and insurance companies, as well as government agencies. Planet Labs PBC was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
PLD;Prologis, Inc., is the global leader in logistics real estate with a focus on high-barrier, high-growth markets. At March 31, 2025, the company owned or had investments in, on a wholly owned basis or through co-investment ventures, properties and development projects expected to total approximately 1.3 billion square feet (120 million square meters) in 20 countries. Prologis leases modern logistics facilities to a diverse base of approximately 6,500 customers principally across two major categories: business-to-business and retail/online fulfillment.;tech
PLNT;Planet Fitness, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, franchises and operates fitness centers under the Planet Fitness brand. The company operates through three segments: Franchise, Corporate-Owned Clubs, and Equipment. The company is involved in franchising business in the United States, Puerto Rico, Canada, Panama, Mexico, and Australia. It also engages in the sale of fitness equipment to franchisee-owned clubs in the United States, Canada, and Mexico. In addition, the company operates corporate-owned clubs in the United States, Canada, and Spain. Planet Fitness, Inc. was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in Hampton, New Hampshire.;tech
PLOW;Douglas Dynamics, Inc. operates as a manufacturer and upfitter of commercial work truck attachments and equipment in North America. It operates through two segments, Work Truck Attachments and Work Truck Solutions. The Work Truck Attachments segment manufactures and sells snow and ice control attachments, including snowplows, and sand and salt spreaders for light trucks and heavy duty trucks, as well as various related parts and accessories. The Work Truck Solutions segment primarily manufactures municipal snow and ice control products; provides truck and vehicle upfits where it attaches component pieces of equipment, truck bodies, racking, and storage solutions to a vehicle chassis for use by end users for work related purposes; and manufactures storage solutions for trucks and vans, and cable pulling equipment for trucks. This segment offers up-fit and storage solutions. It also provides customized turnkey solutions to governmental agencies, such as Departments of Transportation and municipalities. The company sells its products under the FISHER, SNOWEX, WESTERN, TURFEX, SWEEPEX, HENDERSON, BRINEXTREME, and DEJANA brands. It distributes its products primarily to professional snowplowers who are contracted to remove snow and ice from commercial and residential areas. Douglas Dynamics, Inc. was founded in 1946 and is headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.;tech
PMM;Putnam Managed Municipal Income Trust is a close-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Putnam Investment Management LLC. It is co-managed by Putnam Investments Limited. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. It primarily invests in a diversified portfolio of tax-exempt municipal securities, including high-yield securities that are rated below investment grade. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Municipal Bond Index. Putnam Managed Municipal Income Trust was formed on February 24, 1989 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
PNC;The PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. operates as a diversified financial services company in the United States. It operates through three segments: Retail Banking, Corporate & Institutional Banking, and Asset Management Group segments. The Retail Banking segment offers checking, savings, and money market accounts, and time deposit; residential mortgages, home equity loans and lines of credit, auto loans, credit cards, education loans, and personal and small business loans and lines of credit; and brokerage, insurance, and investment and cash management services. This segment serves consumer and small business customers through a network of branches, digital channels, ATMs, and through phone-based customer contact centers. The Corporate & Institutional Banking segment provides secured and unsecured loans, letters of credit, and equipment leases; cash and investment management, receivables and disbursement management, funds transfer, international payment, and access to online/mobile information management and reporting services; asset-backed financing, securities underwriting, loan syndications, mergers and acquisitions and equity capital markets advisory, and customer related services; and commercial loan servicing and technology solutions. It serves mid-sized and large corporations, and government and not-for-profit entities. The Asset Management Group segment offers investment and retirement planning, customized investment management, credit and cash management solutions, and trust management and administration services for high net worth and ultra high net worth individuals, and their families; and multi-generational family planning services. It also provides outsourced chief investment officer, custody, cash and fixed income client solutions, and retirement plan fiduciary investment services for institutional clients. The company was founded in 1865 and is headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.;tech
PNNT;PennantPark Investment Corporation, a business development company is a private equity fund specializes in direct and mezzanine investments in middle market companies. It invests in the form of mezzanine debt, senior secured loans, and equity investments. The fund typically invests in buildings and real estate, hotels, gaming and leisure, technology, telecommunications, transportation, information technology services, electronics, healthcare & pharmaceuticals, education and childcare, financial services, printing and publishing, consumer products, business services, energy & Related Services and utilities, distribution, oil and gas, media, environmental services, aerospace and defense, building materials, capital equipment, chemicals, plastics, & rubber, food & beverage, wholesale, manufacturing and basic industries and retail. It invests in equity securities and debt transactions through preferred stock, common stock, warrants, options, senior secured debt, subordinated debt, subordinated loans, first lien debt, mezzanine loans, and distressed debt securities and private equity co-investments. It seeks to invest in companies based in the United States. The fund seeks to invest between $10 million and $100 million cross the capital structure (senior secured loans, subordinated debt, and other investments) in its portfolio companies with EBITDA between $10 to $50 million. Its mezzanine loans, senior secured loans, and other investments in its portfolio companies are between $15 million and $50 million. The fund may also make non-control equity and debt investments.;tech
PNR;Pentair plc provides various water solutions in the United States, Western Europe, China, Eastern Europe, Latin America, the Middle East, Southeast Asia, Australia, Canada, and Japan. The company operates through three segments: Flow, Water Solutions, and Pool. The Flow segment designs, manufactures, and sells fluid treatment and pump products and systems, including pressure vessels, gas recovery solutions, membrane bioreactors, wastewater reuse systems and advanced membrane filtration, separation systems, water disposal pumps, water supply pumps, fluid transfer pumps, turbine pumps, solid handling pumps, and agricultural spray nozzles. This segment provides products under Pentair Flow, Aurora, Berkeley, Codeline, Fairbanks-Nijhuis, Haffmans, Hydromatic, Hypro, Jung Pumpen, Myers, Sta-Rite, Shurflo, Südmo, and X-Flow brand names. The Water Solutions segment offers commercial and residential water treatment products and systems, such as pressure tanks, control valves, activated carbon products, commercial ice machines, conventional filtration products, and point-of-entry and point-of-use water treatment systems for use in water filtration and water softening solutions, as well as commercial water management and filtration solutions in foodservice operations; and installation and preventative services for water management solutions for commercial operators under the Pentair Water Solutions, Everpure, Fleck, KBI, Manitowoc Ice, Pentek, and RainSoft brand names. The Pool segment provides residential and commercial pool equipment and accessories, including pumps, filters, heaters, lights, automatic controls, automatic cleaners, maintenance equipment, and pool accessories for residential and commercial pool maintenance, pool repair, renovation, service, construction, and aquaculture solutions. This segment offers products under the Pentair Pool, Kreepy Krauly, Pleatco, and Sta-Rite brand. Pentair plc was founded in 1966 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
PNW;Pinnacle West Capital Corporation, through its subsidiary, provides retail and wholesale electric services primarily in the state of Arizona. The company engages in the generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity using nuclear, gas, oil, coal, and solar generating facilities. Its transmission facilities include overhead lines and underground lines; and distribution facilities consist of overhead lines and underground primary cables. The company also owns and maintains transmission and distribution substations; and owns energy storage facilities. Pinnacle West Capital Corporation was incorporated in 1985 and is headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona.;tech
POR;Portland General Electric Company, an integrated electric utility company, engages in the generation, wholesale purchase, transmission, distribution, and retail sale of electricity in the state of Oregon. It operates six thermal plants, four wind farms, and seven hydroelectric facilities. As of December 31, 2024, the company owned an electric transmission system consisting of 1,269 circuit miles, including 287 circuit miles of 500 kilovolt line, 418 circuit miles of 230 kilovolt line, and 564 miles of 115 kilovolt line; and served 950 thousand retail customers in 51 cities. It also has 29,398 circuit miles of distribution lines. Portland General Electric Company was founded in 1889 and is headquartered in Portland, Oregon.;tech
POST;Post Holdings, Inc. operates as a consumer packaged goods holding company in the United States and internationally. It operates through four segments: Post Consumer Brands, Weetabix, Foodservice, and Refrigerated Retail. The Post Consumer Brands segment manufactures, markets, and sells branded and private label ready-to-eat (RTE) cereals under Honey Bunches of Oats, Pebbles, and Malt-O-Meal brands; hot cereal; peanut butter under the Peter Pan brand; and branded and private label pet food under Rachael Ray Nutrish, Nature's Recipe, 9Lives, Kibbles 'n Bits and Gravy Train brands. The Weetabix segment manufactures, markets, and distributes branded and private label RTE cereal under Weetabix and Alpen brands; hot cereals and other cereal-based food products; private label cereals; and protein-based shakes under the UFIT brand, and nutritional snacks. The Foodservice segment produces and distributes egg products primarily under Papetti's and Abbotsford Farms brands, as well as potato products in the foodservice and food ingredient channels. The segment also manufactures certain meat products. The Refrigerated Retail segment produces and distributes side dish, potato, sausage products under Bob Evans, Bob Evans Farms, and Simply Potatoes brands; eggs and egg products under Bob Evans Egg Whites and Egg Beaters brands; and cheese and other dairy products under Crystal Farms brand. It serves grocery stores, mass merchandise customers, supercenters, club stores, natural/specialty stores, dollar stores, discounters, wholesalers, convenience stores, pet supply retailers, drug store customers, foodservice distributors, and national restaurant chains, as well as sells its products in the military, ecommerce, and foodservice channels. The company was founded in 1895 and is headquartered in Saint Louis, Missouri.;tech
PPG;PPG Industries, Inc. manufactures and distributes paints, coatings, and specialty materials in the United States, Canada, the Asia Pacific, Latin America, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. It operates through three segments: Global Architectural Coatings, Performance Coatings, and Industrial Coatings. The Global Architectural Coatings segment offers paints, wood stains, adhesives, sealants, and purchased sundries for painting and maintenance contractors and consumers. The Performance Coatings segment offers coatings, sealants, transparencies, adhesives, engineered materials, packaging, and chemical management services for aerospace industry; coatings, solvents, adhesives, sealants, purchased sundries, digital solutions and paint films for automotive and commercial transport industries; coatings and finishes for protection of metals and structures; and paints, thermoplastics, raised pavement markers, and other pavement marking technologies for government, commercial infrastructure, painting, and maintenance contractors. The Industrial Coatings segment provides coatings, adhesives and sealants, metal pretreatments, and paint films, as well as technical services and coatings applications for automotive original equipment manufacturers, tier supplier, appliances, agricultural and construction equipment, consumer electronics, automotive parts and accessories, building products, kitchenware, and transportation vehicles and other finished products; and on-site coatings services. It also offers coatings for metal cans, closures, plastic and aluminum tubes for food, beverage and personal care, promotional, and specialty packaging; TESLIN substrates for labels, e-passports, drivers' licenses, breathable membranes, and loyalty and identification cards; and organic light emitting diode materials, displays and lighting lens materials, optical lenses, color-change products, and photochromic dyes. The company was incorporated in 1883 and is based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.;tech
PPT;Putnam Premier Income Trust is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Putnam Investment Management, LLC. The fund is co-managed by Putnam Investments Limited. It invests in the public fixed income markets across the globe. The fund primarily invests in U.S. high-grade and high-yield bonds with an average credit quality of BBB by S&P Corporation. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Capital Government Bond Index. Putnam Premier Income Trust was formed on February 29, 1988 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
PR;Permian Resources Corporation, an independent oil and natural gas company, focuses on the development of crude oil and associated liquids-rich natural gas reserves in the United States. The company's assets primarily focus on the Delaware Basin, a sub-basin of the Permian Basin. Its properties consist of acreage blocks in Reeves County in West Texas and Lea County in New Mexico. The company was formerly known as Centennial Resource Development, Inc. and changed its name to Permian Resources Corporation in September 2022. Permian Resources Corporation was incorporated in 2015 and is headquartered in Midland, Texas.;tech
PRA;ProAssurance Corporation, through its subsidiaries, provides property and casualty insurance, and reinsurance products in the United States. It operates through Specialty Property and Casualty, Workers' Compensation Insurance, and Segregated Portfolio Cell Reinsurance segments. The company offers professional liability insurance to healthcare providers and institutions, and attorneys and their firms; medical technology liability insurance to medical technology and life sciences companies; and custom alternative risk solutions, including assumed reinsurance, loss portfolio transfers, and captive cell programs for healthcare professional liability insureds. It also provides workers' compensation insurance products, such as guaranteed cost policies, policyholder dividend policies, retrospectively rated policies, and deductible policies, as well as alternative market solutions that include program design, fronting, claims administration, risk management, SPC rental, asset management, and SPC management services for individual companies, agencies, groups, and associations. It markets its products through independent agencies and brokers, as well as an internal business development team. ProAssurance Corporation was founded in 1976 and is headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama.;tech
PRG;PROG Holdings, Inc., a financial technology holding company, provides payment options to consumers in the United States. It operates through two segments: Progressive Leasing and Vive. The company owns Progressive Leasing, an in-store, app-based, and e-commerce point-of-sale lease-to-own solutions provider; and Vive Financial, an omnichannel provider of second-look revolving credit products. It also provides buy now pay later payment options through four interest-free installments; and Build, a credit building financial management tool. The company was formerly known as Aaron's Holdings Company, Inc. and changed its name to PROG Holdings, Inc. in December 2020. PROG Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1955 and is based in Draper, Utah.;tech
PRGO;Perrigo Company plc provides over-the-counter health and wellness solutions in the United States, Europe, and internationally. It operates through Consumer Self-Care Americas and Consumer Self-Care International segments. The company offers upper respiratory products, including cough suppressants, expectorants, and sinus and allergy relief; nutrition products consisting of infant formulas and nutritional beverages; digestive health products, including antacids, anti-diarrheal, and anti-heartburn; pain and sleep-aids products comprising pain relievers and fever reducers; and oral care products, which include toothbrushes, toothbrush replacement heads, floss, flossers, whitening products, and toothbrush covers. It also offers healthy lifestyle products, such as smoking cessation and well-being products; skin care products consisting of dermatological care, scar management, lice treatment, and other products for various skin conditions; women's health products comprising feminine hygiene and contraceptives; vitamins, minerals, and supplements; rare diseases business; and other miscellaneous self-care products. The company sells its products under the Compeed, Dr. Fresh, Firefly, Good Sense, Good Start, Mederma, Nasonex, Plackers, Prevacid24HR, REACH, Rembrandt, Steripod, Opill, Solpadeine, Coldrex, Physiomer, NiQuitin, ACO, ellaOne, and Compeed brands. It also offers contract manufacturing services. The company sells its products through retail drug, supermarket, and mass merchandise chains; e-commerce stores; wholesalers; pharmacies; drug and grocery retailers; and para-pharmacies. The company was formerly known as Perrigo Company and changed its name to Perrigo Company plc in December 2013. Perrigo Company plc was founded in 1887 and is headquartered in Dublin, Ireland.;tech
PRI;Primerica, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides financial products and services to middle-income households in the United States and Canada. The company operates in three segments: Term Life Insurance; Investment and Savings Products; Senior Health; and Corporate and Other Distributed Products. The Term Life Insurance segment underwrites individual term life insurance products. The Investment and Savings Products segment provides mutual funds and various retirement plans, managed investments, variable and fixed annuities, and fixed indexed annuities; and offers segregated funds. The Corporate and Other Distributed Products segment provides mortgage loans; prepaid legal services that assist subscribers with legal matters, such as drafting wills, living wills and powers of attorney, trial defense, and motor vehicle-related matters; ID theft defense services; auto and homeowners' insurance; home automation solutions; and insurance products, including supplemental and accidental death, and disability insurance. It distributes and sells its products through licensed sales representatives. Primerica, Inc. was founded in 1927 and is headquartered in Duluth, Georgia.;tech
PRIM;Primoris Services Corporation provides infrastructure services primarily in the United States and Canada. The company operates in two segments, Utilities and Energy. The Utilities segment offers installation and maintenance of new and existing natural gas and electric utility distribution and transmission systems, and communications systems. The Energy segment provides engineering, procurement, construction, and maintenance services for entities in the energy, renewable energy and energy storage, renewable fuels, and petroleum and petrochemical industries, as well as state departments of transportation. The company also offers replacement and fabrication services. Primoris Services Corporation was founded in 1960 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
PRKS;United Parks & Resorts Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a theme park and entertainment company in the United States. It operates and licenses SeaWorld theme parks in Orlando, Florida; San Antonio, Texas; Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates; and San Diego, California, as well as Busch Gardens theme parks in Tampa, Florida, and Williamsburg, Virginia. The company also operates water park attractions in Orlando, Florida; San Antonio, Texas; Tampa, Florida; and Williamsburg, Virginia. In addition, the company operates a reservations-only theme park in Orlando, Florida; and a theme park in Langhorne, Pennsylvania and Chula Vista, California. It operates a portfolio of theme parks under the SeaWorld, Busch Gardens, Aquatica, Discovery Cove, Water Country USA, Adventure Island, and Sesame Place brand names. The company was formerly known as SeaWorld Entertainment, Inc. and changed its name to United Parks & Resorts Inc. in February 2024. SeaWorld Entertainment, Inc. was founded in 1959 and is headquartered in Orlando, Florida.;tech
PRLB;Proto Labs, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a digital manufacturer of custom parts in the United States and Europe. The company offers injection molding; computer numerical control machining; three-dimensional printing; and sheet metal products. It serves product developers and engineers; procurement and supply chain professionals; and various customers. Proto Labs, Inc. was incorporated in 1999 and is headquartered in Maple Plain, Minnesota.;tech
PRM;Perimeter Solutions, Inc. manufactures and supplies firefighting products and lubricant additives in the United States, Germany, and internationally. It operates in two segments, Fire Safety and Specialty Products. The Fire Safety segment provides fire retardants and firefighting foams, as well as specialized equipment and services for federal, state, provincial, local/municipal, and commercial customers. The Specialty Products segment develops, produces, and markets products for non-fire safety markets, including phosphorus pentasulfide based lubricant additives used in pesticide and mining chemicals applications, and electric battery technologies. The company was founded in 1963 and is headquartered in Clayton, Missouri with fire retardant production facility in Sacramento, California.;tech
PRMB;Primo Brands Corporation operates as a branded beverage company in North America. It offers solutions through water dispensers, direct delivery of refillable/reusable bottles, pre-filled Water exchange program, and water filtration appliances, as well as operates self-service water refill stations. The company has a portfolio of packaged branded beverages under the Poland Spring, Pure Life, Saratoga, Mountain Valley, Arrowhead, Deer Park, Ice Mountain, Ozarka, and Zephyrhills brands; purified brands, including Primo Water and Sparkletts; and flavored and enhanced brands, such as AC+ION and Splash Refresher. It distributes to direct-to-consumer, retail, residential, eCommerce, on-premise, and commercial channels. The company was founded in 1976 and is based in Stamford, Connecticut.;tech
PRO;PROS Holdings, Inc. provides software solutions that optimize the processes of selling and shopping in the digital economy in Europe, the Asia Pacific, the Middle East, Africa, and internationally. The company offers PROS Platform, designs to help businesses create, optimize and market available offers and handle orders; PROS Smart Configure Price Quote that improves sales productivity and accelerate deal velocity, and support diverse selling scenarios; and PROS Smart Price Optimization and Management, which enables businesses to optimize, personalize, and harmonize pricing. It also provides PROS Airline Revenue Management solution that delivers algorithmic forecasting and network optimization; PROS Airline Real-Time Dynamic Pricing, which offers accurate booking class availability and seat prices; PROS Dynamic Ancillary Pricing, an AI-based reinforcement learning algorithm; PROS Airline Group Sales Optimizer that enables airlines and its travel agent partners to create and manage group bookings, contracts, policies, and payments; and PROS Corporate Sales, a solution that enables airlines to create commercial agreements with corporate customers. The company provides PROS Digital Retail, a configurable end-to-end solution for airlines to optimize the traveler experience from inspiration to post-trip; PROS Dynamic Offers; and PROS Digital Offer Marketing solutions comprising airTRFX, airModules, airWire, and airSEM platforms. It provides software-related services, such as implementation, configuration, consulting, training, maintenance, and support services. The company markets and sells its solutions to customers in various industries, including automotive and industrial manufacturing and distribution, transportation, logistics, chemicals, energy, food and consumables, healthcare, insurance, technology, and travel through its direct sales force, partners, resellers, and systems integrators. The company was incorporated in 1985 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
PRSU;Pursuit Attractions and Hospitality, Inc., an attraction and hospitality company, owns and operates hospitality destinations in the United States, Canada, and Iceland. It operates various attractions and lodges with integrated restaurants, retail, and transportation facilities. The company was formerly known as Viad Corp and changed its name to Pursuit Attractions and Hospitality, Inc. in January 2025. Pursuit Attractions and Hospitality, Inc. was founded in 1926 and is based in Denver, Colorado.;tech
PRU;Prudential Financial, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides insurance, investment management, and other financial products and services in the United States, Japan and internationally. It operates through PGIM, Retirement Strategies, Group Insurance, Individual Life, and International Businesses segments. The PGIM segment offers investment management services and solutions related to public fixed income, public equity, real estate debt and equity, private credit and other alternatives, and multi-asset class strategies to institutional and retail clients, as well as its insurance and retirement businesses. The Retirement Strategies segment provides a range of retirement investment, and income products and services to retirement plan sponsors in the public, private, and not-for-profit sectors; develops and distributes individual variable and fixed annuity products. The Group Insurance segment offers various group life, and long-term and short-term group disability, as well as group corporate-, bank-, and trust-owned life insurance in the United States primarily for institutional clients for use in connection with employee and membership benefits plans; sells accidental death and dismemberment, and other supplemental health solutions; and plan administration services in connection with its insurance coverages. The Individual Life segment develops and distributes variable life, universal life, and term life insurance products. The International Businesses segment develops and distributes life insurance, retirement products, investment products, and certain accident and health products; and advisory and administration services . The company provides its products and services to individual and institutional customers through its proprietary and third-party distribution networks. Prudential Financial, Inc. was founded in 1875 and is headquartered in Newark, New Jersey.;tech
PSBD;Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc. is a business development company specializing in direct investment. The Fund prefers to invest in corporate debt securities, collateralized loan obligation, and structured credit. The Fund prefers to invest in the United States.;tech
PSF;Cohen & Steers Select Preferred and Income Fund, Inc. is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Cohen & Steers Inc. It is managed by Cohen & Steers Capital Management, Inc. The fund invests in the fixed income markets across the globe. It also invests some portion of its portfolio in other open-end funds, closed-end funds, or exchange traded funds that invest primarily in preferred and/or debt securities. The fund seeks to invest in traditional preferred securities, hybrid-preferred securities, floating rate preferred securities, corporate debt securities, and convertible securities with maturity of ten years or more. It intends to utilize leverage in an amount up to 33.33% of its managed assets through borrowings. The fund uses fundamental analysis and focuses on factors like issuer's creditworthiness, account prevailing market factors, issuer's corporate and capital structure, and the placement of the preferred or debt securities within that structure. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the BofA Merrill Lynch Fixed Rate Preferred Index, Barclays Capital U.S. Aggregate Bond Index, and a composite benchmark comprising of 50% of the BofA Merrill Lynch US Capital Securities Index and 50% of the BofA Merrill Lynch Fixed Rate Preferred Index. Cohen & Steers Select Preferred and Income Fund, Inc. was formed on August 16, 2010 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
PSFE;Paysafe Limited provides end-to-end payment solutions in the United States, Germany, the United Kingdom, and internationally. The company operates through two segments, Merchant Solutions and Digital Wallets. Its payments platform offers a range of payment solutions comprising credit and debit card processing, digital wallet, eCash, and real-time banking solutions for entertainment verticals, such as iGaming, including online betting related to sports, e-sports, fantasy sports, poker, and other casino games, as well as travel, streaming/video gaming, retail/hospitality, and digital assets. The Merchant Solutions segment offers PCI-compliant payment acceptance and transaction processing solutions for merchants and integrated service providers, including merchant acquiring, transaction processing, gateway solutions, fraud and risk management tools, data and analytics, point of sale systems, and merchant financing solutions, as well as comprehensive support services under the Paysafe and Petroleum Card Services brands. The Digital Wallets segment offers digital wallet solutions under the Skrill, NETELLER, paysafecard, and Paysafecash brands; and pay-by-bank solutions under the Rapid Transfer brand. It provides eCash solutions under the paysafecard and Paysafecash brands; paysafecard prepaid Mastercard that can be linked to a digital paysafecard account and used to make purchases; Safetypay, a platform that enables eCommerce transactions; and PagoEfectivo, an alternative payment platform. The company is based in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
PSN;Parsons Corporation provides integrated solutions and services in the defense, intelligence, and critical infrastructure markets in North America, the Middle East, and internationally. It operates through Federal Solutions and Critical Infrastructure segments. The Federal Solutions segment offers critical technologies, such as cyber; missile defense; intelligence; electronic warfare; space ground systems; space and weapon system resiliency; geospatial and signals intelligence; environmental remediation; border security and critical infrastructure protection; counter unmanned air systems; and biometrics and bio surveillance solutions to the U.S. government and its agencies. This segment also provides software and hardware; satellite ground systems support and operations, flight dynamics, data fusion and analytics, platform system integration, directed energy, and command and control systems; digital landscape and mission support; and weapons of mass destruction elimination and munition destruction, architectural design, program and construction management, infectious disease control, and advanced electronic security systems, as well as remediation of unexploded ordinances and hazardous, toxic, and reactive wastes. Its Critical Infrastructure segment develops solutions for aviation, rail and transit, bridges, roads, and highways. This segment also provides technical solutions, project conceptualization, urban planning, landscape architecture, sewage treatment and drainage, and events management; AI/ML, cloud, digital twins, systems integration, transportation network software, vehicle inspection data analytics software, automated people mover, electric vehicle infrastructure, and autonomous vehicle integration services; and planning, engineering, and management services for infrastructure, including bridges and tunnels, roads and highways, and water and wastewater. Parsons Corporation was founded in 1944 and is headquartered in Chantilly, Virginia.;tech
PSO;Pearson plc provides educational courseware, assessments, and services in the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada, the Asia Pacific, other European countries, and internationally. The company operates through five segments: Assessment & Qualifications, Virtual Learning, English Language Learning, Workforce Skills, and Higher Education. The Assessment & Qualifications segment offers Pearson VUE, US student assessment, clinical assessment, UK GCSE, and A levels and international academic qualifications and associated courseware. The Virtual Learning segment provides virtual schools and online program management services. The English Language Learning segment offers Pearson test of English, institutional courseware, and English online solutions. The Workforce Skills offers BTEC, GED, TalentLens, Faethm, Credly, Pearson college, and apprenticeships. The Higher Education segment engages in the US, Canadian, and international higher education courseware businesses. The company was founded in 1844 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
PSQH;PSQ Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates an online marketplace through advertising and eCommerce in the United States. It operates through three segments: Marketplace, Brands, and Financial Technology. The company offers buy now pay later solutions through point-of-sale financing platform; and payment processing solution for its Merchant customers across their e-commerce landscape through PSQ Payments. The PSQ platform is accessible through its mobile application and website. the company also sells diapers, wipes, training pants, and soaps and lotions under the EveryLife's brand name. PSQ Holdings, Inc. is headquartered in West Palm Beach, Florida.;tech
PSTG;Pure Storage, Inc. provides data storage and management technologies, products, and services in the United States and internationally. Its Purity software is shared across its products and provides enterprise-class data services, such as always-on data reduction, data protection, and encryption, as well as storage protocols, including block, file, and object. The company also provides FlashArray integrated hardware systems, including FlashArray//X, FlashArray//C, FlashArray//XL, FlashArray//E, and FlashArray File Services for block-oriented storage, addressing databases, applications, virtual machines, and other traditional workloads; and FlashBlade integrated hardware systems comprising FlashBlade//S, FlashBlade//E, and FlashBlade//EXA for managing and processing unstructured data workloads of various types from real-time log analytics and commercial high-performance computing (HPC) to data protection and recovery. In addition, it offers cloud-native storage solutions, such as Portworx by Pure Storage, a cloud-native Kubernetes data management solution; and Portworx Data Services, a Database-as-a-Service platform for Kubernetes. Further, the company provides Pure Fusion, a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) management plane, which enables storage administrators to unify storage arrays and optimize storage pools; Evergreen Architecture comprising Pure1, an AI-driven cloud-based management platform, as well as Evergreen//One and Evergreen//Flex data storage solutions; and Cloud Block Store, a virtual block storage array, that provides customers the flexibility to operate a hybrid cloud model with seamless data mobility across on-premises and public cloud environments. It sells its products and subscription services through direct sales force and channel partners. The company was formerly known as OS76, Inc. and changed its name to Pure Storage, Inc. in January 2010. Pure Storage, Inc. was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in Santa Clara, California.;tech
PSTL;Postal Realty Trust, Inc. (NYSE: PSTL) is an internally managed real estate investment trust that owns properties primarily leased to the United States Postal Service ("USPS"). PSTL is focused on acquiring the network of USPS properties, which provide a critical element of the nation's logistics infrastructure that facilitates cost effective and efficient last-mile delivery solutions. As of March 31, 2025, PSTL owned 1,738 properties (including two properties accounted for as financing leases) located in 49 states and one territory comprising approximately 6.5 million net leasable interior square feet. Subsequent to quarter-end and through April 16, 2025, PSTL closed on 25 additional properties comprising approximately 73,000 net leasable interior square feet.;tech
PSX;Phillips 66 operates as an energy manufacturing and logistics company in the United States, the United Kingdom, Germany, and internationally. It operates through five segments: Midstream, Chemicals, Refining, Marketing and Specialties (M&S), and Renewable Fuels. The Midstream segment transports crude oil and other feedstocks; delivers refined petroleum products to market; provides terminaling and storage services for crude oil and refined petroleum products; gathers, processes, transports, and markets natural gas; transports, fractionates, markets, and exports natural gas liquids. The Chemicals segment produces and markets ethylene and other olefin products; aromatics and styrenics products, such as benzene, cyclohexane, styrene, and polystyrene; and various specialty chemical products, including organosulfur chemicals, solvents, catalysts, and chemicals used in drilling and mining. The Refining segment refines crude oil and other feedstocks into petroleum products, such as gasolines, distillates, and aviation fuels. The M&S segment purchases for resale and markets refined petroleum products, including gasolines, distillates, and aviation fuels. This segment also manufactures and markets specialty products, such as automotive, commercial, industrial, and specialty lubricants, as well as base oils. The Renewable Fuels segment processes renewable feedstocks into renewable products. This segment also procures renewable feedstocks, manage certain regulatory credits, and market renewable diesel, renewable jet fuel and other renewable fuels. The company markets its products through Phillips 66, Conoco and 76, JET, Kendall, Red Line, and other private label brands. Phillips 66 was founded in 1875 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
PUK;Prudential plc, through its subsidiaries, provides life and health insurance, and asset management solutions to individuals in Asia and Africa. It offers savings and investments products; wealth, health, and protection products; and foreign exchange services. The company was founded in 1848 and is headquartered in Central, Hong Kong.;tech
PUMP;ProPetro Holding Corp. operates as an integrated oilfield services company. It offers hydraulic fracturing, wireline, cementing, and other complementary oilfield completion services to oil and gas producers and non-oil and gas applications, such as general industrial projects and data centers located primarily in Texas and New Mexico. ProPetro Holding Corp. was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Midland, Texas.;tech
PVH;PVH Corp., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an apparel company in the United States and internationally. The company operates through Tommy Hilfiger North America, Tommy Hilfiger International, Calvin Klein North America, Calvin Klein International, and Heritage Brands Wholesale segments. It designs and markets men's, women's, and children's branded apparel, footwear and accessories, underwear, sleepwear, outerwear, home furnishings, luggage, dresses, suits and swimwear, activewear, sportswear, socks and accessories, outerwear, golf products, footwear, watches and jewelry, eyeglasses and non-ophthalmic sunglasses, jeans wear, performance apparel, intimate apparel, dress shirts, handbags, fragrance, small leather goods, and other related products; and men's and boy's tailored clothing products, duvets, pillows, mattress pads and toppers, and feather beds. The company offers its products under its own brands, such as TOMMY HILFIGER, TOMMY JEANS, Calvin Klein, CK Calvin Klein, Calvin Klein Jeans, Calvin Klein Underwear, and Calvin Klein Performance, as well as various other owned, licensed, and private label brands. It distributes its products at wholesale in department, chain, and specialty stores; through warehouse clubs, mass market, and off-price and independent retailers; and through company-operated full-price, outlet stores, and concession locations; and through digital commerce sites. PVH Corp. was formerly known as Phillips-Van Heusen Corporation and changed its name to PVH Corp. in June 2011. The company was founded in 1881 and is based in New York, New York.;tech
PWR;Quanta Services, Inc. offers infrastructure solutions for the electric and gas utility, renewable energy, communications, pipeline, and energy industries in the United States, Canada, Australia, and internationally. The company's Electric Power Infrastructure Solutions segment engages in the design, procurement, construction, upgrade, repair, and maintenance of electric power transmission and distribution infrastructure and substation facilities; installation, maintenance, and upgrade of electric power infrastructure projects; installation of smart grid technologies on electric power networks; and design, installation, maintenance, and repair of commercial and industrial wirings. This segment offers aviation; emergency restoration; and other engineering and technical services; design and construction solutions to wireline and wireless communications, cable multi-system operators, and other customers; and training for electric workers, as well as training for the gas distribution and communications industries. Its Renewable Energy Infrastructure Solutions segment is involved in engineering, procurement, construction, repair, and maintenance of wind, solar, and hydropower generation facilities, as well as battery storage facilities; and engineering and construction services for substations and switchyards, transmission, and other electrical infrastructures. The company's Underground Utility and Infrastructure Solutions segment offers design, engineering, procurement, construction, upgrade, repair, and maintenance services for natural gas systems for gas utility customers; fabrication services for pipeline support systems and structures and facilities; and engineering and construction services for pipeline and storage systems, and compressor and pump stations. The company was formerly known as Fabal Construction, Inc. and changed its name to Quanta Services, Inc. in November 1997. The company was incorporated in 1997 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
PX;P10, Inc. operates as a multi-asset class private market solutions provider in the alternative asset management industry in the United States. The company's portfolio of private solutions includes private equity, venture capital, impact investing, and private credit, as well as primary fund of funds, secondary investment, and direct and co-investments services. It markets its private equity solutions under the RCP Advisors, Bonaccord Capital, and P10 Advisors brands; venture capital solution under the TrueBridge brand; impact investing solution under the Enhanced brand; and private credit solutions under the Five Points, Hark Capital, and WTI brands. P10, Inc. was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
QBTS;D-Wave Quantum Inc. develops and delivers quantum computing systems, software, and services worldwide. The company offers Advantage and Advantage 2 quantum computers; Ocean, a suite of open-source tools; and Leap quantum cloud service, a cloud-based service that provides real-time access to quantum computers and quantum hybrid solvers; and secure access and data protection services. It also provides Leap hybrid solver service that offers a combination of quantum and classical computation resources and advanced algorithms to solve problems of enterprise scale; and D-Wave Launch, a phased approach to identify and build in-production quantum hybrid applications, including training sessions and quantum computing access. In addition, the company offers D-Wave Advantage annealing quantum computing systems; and Ocean developer tools. Its quantum solutions are used in allocation, resource scheduling, factory scheduling, vehicle routing, logistics optimization, drug discovery, industrial construction design, portfolio optimization and maintenance, repair, and overhaul optimization. D-Wave Quantum Inc. was founded in 1999 and is based in Palo Alto, California.;tech
QD;Qudian Inc. operates as a consumer-oriented technology company in the People's Republic of China. The company offers last-mile delivery services to logistics companies. It also provides aircraft leasing; technology development and services; and research and development services. Qudian Inc. was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Xiamen, the People's Republic of China.;tech
QGEN;Qiagen N.V. provides sample to insight solutions that transform biological samples into molecular insights in the Netherlands and internationally. The company offers primary sample technology consumables, such as nucleic acid stabilization and purification kits for sample materials, manual and automated processing for genotyping, gene expression, and viral and bacterial analysis, as well as silica membranes and magnetic bead technologies; secondary sample technology consumables, such as kits and components for purification of nucleic acids; and instruments for nucleic acid purification, quality control, and accessories. It also provides Immune response consumables, such as interferon-gamma release assay for TB testing, and assays for post-transplant testing and viral load monitoring; oncology and sexual and reproductive health consumables, such as assays for prenatal testing and detection of sexually transmitted diseases and HPV; assays for analysis of genomic variants; and sample to insight instruments, including one-step molecular analysis of hard-to-diagnose syndromes, and integrated PCR testing. The company offers research PCR consumables, such as quantitative PCR, reverse transcription, and combinations kits for analysis of gene expression, genotyping and gene regulation, and running on QIAGEN instruments and technologies; human ID/forensics assay consumables, such as short tandem repeat assays for human ID, and assays for food contamination; PCR instruments, including digital PCR and qPCR solutions; and developed and configured enzymes and PCR solutions. It offers NGS gene panels, library prep kits and components, and whole genome amplification; QIAGEN consumables and instruments; bioinformatics solutions; and custom laboratory and genomic services. The company provides software-as-a-service. It serves molecular diagnostics, academia, pharmaceutical, and applied testing customers. The company was founded in 1984 and is headquartered in Venlo, the Netherlands.;tech
QS;QuantumScape Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, focuses on the development and commercialization of solid-state lithium-metal batteries for electric vehicles and other applications in the United States. The company was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in San Jose, California.;tech
QSR;Restaurant Brands International Inc. operates as a quick-service restaurant company in Canada, the United States, and internationally. It operates through six segments: Tim Hortons, Burger King, Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, Firehouse Subs, International, and Restaurant Holdings. The company owns and franchises Tim Hortons, a coffee and baked good restaurant chain that offers beverages, sandwiches, wraps, flatbread pizzas, and others; Burger King, a quick service hamburger restaurant chain that offers flame-grilled hamburgers, chicken, and other sandwiches; Popeyes, a quick service chicken concept that offers a Louisiana style menu, including fried bone-in chicken, chicken sandwiches, chicken tenders, wings, fried shrimp, and regional items; and Firehouse Subs, which offers subs with meats and cheese, as well as chopped salads, chili, soups, soft drinks, and other sides. Restaurant Brands International Inc. was founded in 1954 and is headquartered in Miami, Florida.;tech
QTWO;Q2 Holdings, Inc. provides digital solutions to financial institutions, financial technology companies, FinTechs, and alternative finance companies (Alt-FIs) in the United States. The company offers Digital Banking Platform, an end-to-end digital banking platform that supports its financial institution customers in their delivery of retail, SMB, and commercial functionalities across digital channels; and risk and fraud solutions that are designed to enhance the security and integrity of digital banking operations, including real-time security analytics and behavioral analysis, event-driven validation for non-transactional fraud management, electronic transaction dispute management, ACH file monitoring and risk reporting, and check and ACH positive pay systems for commercial users. It also provides Q2 Innovation Studio, an application program interface and software development kit based open technology platform that allows financial institution customers and other partners to deploy customized experiences and the financial services to end users; and Helix, a cloud-native, real-time core processing platform that combines the services and functionality for companies and financial institutions. In addition, the company offers digital lending and relationship pricing solutions that provide tools for managing commercial lending deposits and fee-based transactions comprising loan pricing and negotiation tools, treasury pricing and fee-based service structuring, AI assistance for relationship managers, end-to-end loan origination and servicing, automation of lending activities, and support services to diverse loan types and asset classes, as well as portfolio management services, such as analysis, performance, reporting, and trend identification. The company was formerly known as CBG Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to Q2 Holdings, Inc. in March 2013. Q2 Holdings, Inc. was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Austin, Texas.;tech
QUAD;Quad/Graphics, Inc. provides marketing solutions in North America, Mexico, Central America, the Caribbean, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, South America, and Asia. The company operates through United States Print and Related Services, and International segments. It offers printing services, such as retail inserts, publications, catalogs, special interest publications, journals, direct mail, directories, in-store marketing and promotion, packaging, newspapers, custom print products, and other commercial and specialty printed products; paper procurement services; and manufactures ink. The company also provides marketing and other services, including data intelligence and analytics, technology solutions, media planning, placement and optimization, creative strategy, and content creation, as well as execution in non-print digital and broadcast channels; and imaging and medical services. It serves blue-chip companies that operate in various industries and serve businesses and consumers across various industry verticals, including retail, consumer packaged goods and direct-to-consumer, financial services, and health. Quad/Graphics, Inc. was founded in 1971 and is headquartered in Sussex, Wisconsin.;tech
QXO;QXO, Inc. distributes roofing, waterproofing, and other building products in the United States. It offers asphalt, metal roofing, wood roofing, tile roofing, slate roofing, roofing accessories, and roofing insulation products; vinyl siding, aluminum siding, steel siding, fiber cement siding, wood and composite siding, trim and accessories, and gutters and accessories; built-up roofing, modified roofing, EPDM roofing, PVC roofing, and low-slope metal roofing; as well as air and vapor barriers, fluid-applied products, repair and protection solutions, and membrane waterproofing products. The company also provides building materials and supplies, such as exterior materials, interior materials, and tools and equipment; and roof hatches and other tri-built building products. It serves contractors, distributors, and suppliers to streamline operations. QXO, Inc. was formerly known as SilverSun Technologies, Inc. and changed its name to QXO, Inc. in June 2024. The company is based in Greenwich, Connecticut.;tech
R;Ryder System, Inc. operates as a logistics and transportation company worldwide. It operates through three segments: Fleet Management Solutions (FMS), Supply Chain Solutions (SCS), and Dedicated Transportation Solutions (DTS). The FMS segment offers full-service leasing and leasing with flexible maintenance options; commercial vehicle rental; maintenance services; digital and technology support services; fuel services; and fuel planning and tax reporting, cards, and monitoring services, and centralized billing, as well as sells used vehicles through its retail sales centers and www.ryder.com/used-trucks website. The DTS segment offers turnkey transportation, vehicles, drivers, management, and administrative services, as well as routing and scheduling, fleet sizing, safety, regulatory compliance, risk management, and technology and communication systems support services. The SCS segment comprises distribution management services, such as coordinating warehousing and transportation for inbound and outbound material flows; managing import and export for international shipments; coordinating just-in-time replenishment of component parts to manufacturing and final assembly; and offering shipment delivery to distribution centers or end delivery points, as well as e-commerce fulfillment. This segment also offers value added services, such as light assembly, packaging and refurbishment, and contract packaging and manufacturing; transportation management and brokerage services, such as shipment optimization, load scheduling, and delivery confirmation services; professional services; and e-commerce and last mile services. The company was founded in 1933 and is headquartered in Coral Gables, Florida.;tech
RA;Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc. is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Brookfield Investment Management Inc. The fund is co-managed by Schroder Investment Management North America Inc. It invests in fixed income markets of the United States. The fund primarily invests in securities and other instruments of companies, which includes real estate securities, infrastructure securities, and natural resources securities. Brookfield Real Assets Income Fund Inc. was formed on December 2, 2016 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
RACE;Ferrari N.V., through its subsidiaries, engages in design, engineering, production, and sale of luxury performance sports cars worldwide. The company offers sports, track, one-off, and road cars, as well as supercars. It also provides spare parts and engines, as well as after sales, repair, maintenance, and restoration services for cars; and licenses its Ferrari brand to various producers and retailers of luxury and lifestyle goods. In addition, the company operates Ferrari museums in Modena and Maranello; Il Cavallino restaurant in Maranello; and theme parks in Abu Dhabi and Spain. Further, it provides direct or indirect finance and leasing services; range of financial and ancillary services; special financing arrangements; and operates franchised and owned Ferrari stores. The company was founded in 1947 and is headquartered in Maranello, Italy.;tech
RAL;Ralliant Corporation engages in the design, development, manufacture, sale, and service of precision instruments and engineered products in the United States, China, Western Europe, and internationally. It operates through two segments, Test and Measurement; and Sensors and Safety Systems. The company provides precision test and measurement instruments, systems, software, and services; and power grid monitoring solutions and safety systems for mission critical aero, defense, and space applications, as well as sensing products, including encompassing liquid level, flow, and pressure sensors; motion sensors and components; and hygienic sensors. It serves diversified electronics, communications, semiconductors, industrial manufacturing, defense and space, utilities, and critical environments industries. The company was formerly known as New Precision Technologies Company. Ralliant Corporation was incorporated in 2024 and is based in Raleigh, North Carolina.;tech
RAMP;LiveRamp Holdings, Inc., a technology company, operates a data collaboration platform in the United States, Europe, the Asia-Pacific, and internationally. It operates LiveRamp Data Collaboration platform that enables an organization to unify customer and prospect data to build a single view of the customer in a way that protects consumer privacy. The company's platform supports various people-based marketing solutions, including data collaboration, activation, measurement and analytics, identity, and data marketplace. It sells its solutions to enterprise marketers, agencies, marketing technology providers, publishers, and data providers in various industry verticals, such as financial, insurance and investment services, retail, automotive, telecommunications, technology, consumer packaged goods, media, healthcare, travel and hospitality, entertainment, and non-profit. The company was formerly known as Acxiom Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to LiveRamp Holdings, Inc. in October 2018. The company was incorporated in 2018 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
RBA;RB Global, Inc. operates a marketplace that provides insights, services, and transaction solutions for buyers and sellers of commercial assets and vehicles worldwide. The company's marketplace brands include Ritchie Bros., an auctioneer of commercial assets and vehicles; IAA, a digital marketplace that connects vehicle buyers and sellers; Rouse, which provides asset management, data-driven intelligence, and performance benchmarking system; SmartEquip, a technology platform that supports customers' management of the equipment lifecycle; and Veritread, an online marketplace for heavy haul transport solution. It offers transaction, financial, appraisal, inspection, listing, refurbishing, transportation, data, parts, catastrophe response, and title services. The company serves customers across various asset classes, including automotive, commercial transportation, construction, government surplus, lifting and material handling, energy, mining, and agriculture. The company was founded in 1958 and is headquartered in Westchester, Illinois.;tech
RBC;RBC Bearings Incorporated manufactures and markets engineered precision bearings, components, and systems in the United States and internationally. It operates through two segments, Aerospace/Defense and Industrial. The company produces plain bearings with self-lubricating or metal-to-metal designs, including rod end bearings, spherical plain bearings, and journal bearings; roller bearings, such as tapered roller bearings, needle roller bearings, and needle bearing track rollers and cam followers, which are anti-friction products that are used in industrial applications and military aircraft platforms; and ball bearings that include high precision aerospace, airframe control, thin section, and industrial ball bearings that utilize high precision ball elements to reduce friction in high-speed applications. In addition, it offers mounted bearing products include mounted ball bearings, mounted roller bearings, and mounted plain bearings; and enclosed gearing product lines, including quantis gearmotor, torque arm, tigear, magnagear and maxum, and controlled start transmission. Further, the company's power transmission components include mechanical drive components, couplings, and conveyor components; engineered hydraulics and valves for aircraft and submarine applications, and aerospace and defense aftermarket services; fasteners; precision mechanical components, which are used in various general industrial applications; and machine tool collets that are used for holding circulars or rod-like pieces. It serves commercial and defense aerospace,, construction, mining, forestry, energy, agricultural, food and beverage, metals and mining material handling, chemicals, oil and gas production, warehousing and logistics, semiconductor equipment, waste and water management, and rail and transportation applications through its direct sales force, and a network of industrial and aerospace distributors. The company was founded in 1919 and is based in Oxford, Connecticut.;tech
RBLX;Roblox Corporation operates an immersive platform for connection and communication in the United States and internationally. It offers Roblox Client, an application that allows users to explore 3D experience; Roblox Studio, a free toolset that allows developers and creators to build, publish, and operate 3D experiences and other content; and Roblox Cloud, which provides services and infrastructure that power the platform. Roblox Corporation was incorporated in 2004 and is headquartered in San Mateo, California.;tech
RBRK;Rubrik, Inc. provides data security solutions to individuals and businesses worldwide. The company offers enterprise data protection, unstructured data protection, cloud data protection, SaaS data protection solutions, and identity provider services protection; data threat analytics; data security posture; and cyber recovery solutions. It serves financial, retail, trade, transportation, energy, industrial, healthcare and life science, education, technology, media, communications, services, and public sectors. Rubrik, Inc. was formerly known as Scaledata, Inc. and changed its name to Rubrik, Inc. in October 2014. The company was incorporated in 2013 and is based in Palo Alto, California.;tech
RCI;Rogers Communications Inc. operates as a communications and media company in Canada. It operates through three segments: Wireless, Cable, and Media. The company offers mobile Internet access, wireless voice and enhanced voice, device financing, device protection, global voice and data roaming, wireless home phone, bridging landline, machine-to-machine and Internet of Things solutions, and advanced wireless solutions for businesses, as well as device shipping and express pickup services; and postpaid and prepaid services under the Rogers, Fido, and chatr brands. It provides internet and WiFi services; and monitoring, security, automation, energy efficiency, and smart control through smartphone app. In addition, the company offers local and network TV; on-demand television; cloud-based digital video recorders; voice-activated remote controls, and integrated apps; personal video recorders; linear and time-shifted programming; digital specialty channels; and 4K television programming. Further, it provides residential and small business local telephony services; voicemail, call waiting, and long distance; voice, data networking, Internet protocol (IP), and Ethernet services; private networking, Internet, IP voice, and cloud solutions; optical wave and multi-protocol label switching services; information technology and network technologies; cable access network services; telecommunications technical consulting services; and season games through television, smartphones, tablets, personal computers, and other streaming devices, as well as operates Ignite TV and Ignite TV app. Additionally, the company owns Toronto Blue Jays and the Rogers Centre event venue; and operates Sportsnet ONE, Sportsnet 360, Sportsnet World, Citytv, OMNI, FX (Canada), FXX (Canada), and OLN television networks, as well as 52 AM and FM radio stations. It also offers Rogers and the Rogers World Elite Mastercard. The company was founded in 1960 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.;tech
RCUS;Arcus Biosciences, Inc., a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company, develops and commercializes cancer therapies in the United States. The company's development product portfolio includes Casdatifan, a HIF-2a inhibitor for the treatment of kidney cancer; and Domvanalimab, an anti-TIGIT antibody, which is in Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trial for lung and gastrointestinal cancers. It also develops Quemliclustat, a small molecule inhibitor that targets the CD73 enzyme in the ATP-adenosine pathway, which is in phase 3 and phase 1/1b clinical trial for lung and pancreatic cancer; Etrumadenant, a dual A2a/A2b adenosine receptor antagonist, which is in phase 2 clinical trial for colorectal cancer; and Zimberelimab, an anti-PD-1 antibody. In addition, the company develops AB598, a CD39 antibody, which is in phase 1/1b clinical study for gastrointestinal cancer; and AB801, an AXL inhibitor, which is in Phase 1b clinical trial for lung cancer. It has clinical collaboration with AstraZeneca for the Phase 3 PACIFIC-8 trial evaluating domvanalimab and durvalumab in Stage 3 NSCLC and for a Phase 1/1b study evaluating casdatifan and volrustomig in IO-naive patients with ccRCC; and BVF Partners L.P. to support the discovery and development of compounds for the treatment of inflammatory diseases. Arcus Biosciences, Inc. was incorporated in 2015 and is based in Hayward, California.;tech
RDDT;Reddit, Inc. operates a digital community in the United States and internationally. The company's platform enables user to engage in conversations, explore passions, research new hobbies, exchange goods and services, create new communities and experiences, share laughs, and find belonging. It also organizes communities based on specific interests that enable users to engage in conversations by sharing experiences, submitting links, uploading images and videos, and replying to one another. The company was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
RDN;Radian Group Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the mortgage and real estate services business in the United States. The company aggregates, manages, and distributes U.S. mortgage credit risk for mortgage lending institutions and mortgage credit investors, through private mortgage insurance on residential first-lien mortgage loans; and other credit risk management solutions, including contract underwriting. It offers title services, including a suite of insurance and non-insurance titles; tax and title data, centralized recording, document retrieval, and default curative title services; deed and property reports; mortgage underwriting and processing; escrow; appraisal management; and real estate brokerage. In addition, the company provides real estate valuation products and services; asset management services for managing real estate owned properties; and a suite of real estate technology products and services, such as proprietary platforms as a service solution. It serves mortgage originators, such as mortgage bankers, commercial banks, savings institutions, credit unions, and community banks; and consumers, mortgage lenders, mortgage investors, and government-sponsored enterprises. The company was formerly known as CMAC Investment Corp. and changed its name to Radian Group Inc. in June 1999. Radian Group Inc. was founded in 1977 and is headquartered in Wayne, Pennsylvania.;tech
RDW;Redwire Corporation provides critical space solutions and space infrastructure for government and commercial customers in the United States, Europe, and internationally. The company offers avionics and sensors, including star trackers and sun sensors, which are critical for navigation and control of spacecraft; camera systems; infrared, space situational awareness, and position timing and navigation payloads; solar array solutions for spacecraft spanning the spectrum of size, power needs, and orbital location; and strain composite booms, coilable booms, truss structures, telescope baffles, and deployable booms to position sensors or solar arrays away from the spacecraft. It also provides software suite that enables digital engineering and generation of high-fidelity, interactive modeling and simulations of individual components, entire spacecraft, and full constellations in a cloud-based environment. In addition, the company offers microgravity payloads, radio frequency systems, antennas, spacecraft platforms and missions, and in-space manufacturing and biotech facilities, as well as field-proven uncrewed airborne system (UAS) technology. Redwire Corporation was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida.;tech
RDY;Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Limited, together with its subsidiaries, operates as an integrated pharmaceutical company North America, Europe, India, Russia, and internationally. It operates through Global Generics, Pharmaceutical Services and Active Ingredients (PSAI), and Others segment. The Global Generics segment manufactures and markets prescription and over-the-counter finished pharmaceutical products that are marketed under a brand name or as a generic finished dosages with therapeutic equivalence to branded formulations, as well as engages in the biologics business. The PSAI segment manufactures and markets active pharmaceutical ingredients and intermediates, which are principal ingredients for finished pharmaceutical products. This segment also provides contract research services; and manufactures and sells active pharmaceutical ingredients and steroids with the customer requirements. The Others segment engages in developing therapies in the fields of oncology and inflammation; and research and development of differentiated formulations. The company offers its products for various therapeutic categories, including gastro-intestinal, cardiovascular, anti-diabetic, dermatology, oncology, respiratory, stomatology, urology, and nephrology, vaccines and pain management. Dr. Reddy's Laboratories Limited was incorporated in 1984 and is headquartered in Hyderabad, India.;tech
RELX;RELX PLC, together with its subsidiaries, provides information-based analytics and decision tools for professional and business customers in North America, Europe, and internationally. It operates through four segments: Risk; Scientific, Technical & Medical; Legal; and Exhibitions. The Risk segment offers information-based analytics and decision tools that combine public and industry specific content with technology and algorithms to assist clients in evaluating and predicting risk. The Scientific, Technical & Medical segment provides scientific and medical information and data sets that help researchers and healthcare professionals to advance science and health outcomes. The Legal segment provides legal, regulatory, and business information and analytics that help customers in decision-making, as well as increases the productivity. The Exhibitions segment is involved in the business that combines face-to-face with data and digital tools to help customers learn about markets, source products, and transactions. The company was formerly known as Reed Elsevier PLC and changed its name to RELX PLC in July 2015. RELX PLC was incorporated in 1903 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
RERE;ATRenew Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates pre-owned consumer electronics transactions and services platform in the People's Republic of China. It primarily sells mobile phones, laptops, tablets, drones, digital cameras; and vintage bags, watches, liquor, gold, and various household goods through its online platforms and offline stores, as well as provides services to third-party merchants to sell the products through its platforms. ATRenew Inc. was formerly known as AiHuiShou International Co. Ltd. and changed its name to ATRenew Inc. November 2021. The company was incorporated in 2011 and is headquartered in Shanghai, the People's Republic of China.;tech
RES;RPC, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages provision of a range of oilfield services and equipment for the oil and gas companies involved in the exploration, production, and development of oil and gas properties. The company operates through Technical Services and Support Services segments. The Technical Services segment offers pressure pumping, cementing, downhole tools, coiled tubing, snubbing, nitrogen, well control, wireline, and fishing services that are used in the completion, production, and maintenance of wells, as well as well control training. The Support Services segment provides a range of rental tools drill pipe and related tools, as well as pipe handling, pipe inspection and storage services. It rents its tools for use with onshore and offshore oil and gas well drilling, completion, and workover activities. It operates in Africa, Canada, Argentina, China, Mexico, Latin America, and the Middle East. The company was incorporated in 1984 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
REVG;REV Group, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and distributes specialty vehicles, and related aftermarket parts and services in North America and internationally. It operates through two Specialty Vehicles and Recreational Vehicles segments. The Specialty Vehicles segment provides fire apparatus equipment under the Emergency One, Kovatch Mobile Equipment, Ferrara, Spartan Emergency Response, Smeal, Spartan Fire Chassis, and Ladder Tower brand names; ambulances under the American Emergency Vehicles, Horton Emergency Vehicles, Leader Emergency Vehicles, Road Rescue, and Wheeled Coach brand names; and terminal trucks and sweepers under the Capacity and Laymor brand names. The Recreation segment offers motorized and towable RV models under the American Coach, Fleetwood RV, Holiday Rambler, Renegade RV, Midwest Automotive Designs, and Lance Camper brand names; and produces a range of custom molded fiberglass products. It offers products, such as pumper / tanker, aerial and tanker trucks, aircraft rescue firefighting, custom cabs & chassis, terminal trucks, sweepers, travel trailers and truck campers, and other vehicles. The company sells its products to municipalities, government agencies, private contractors, consumers, and industrial and commercial end users through its direct sales force or dealer network. The company was formerly known as Allied Specialty Vehicles, Inc. and changed its name to REV Group, Inc. in November 2015. REV Group, Inc. was incorporated in 2008 and is based in Brookfield, Wisconsin.;tech
REX;REX American Resources Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, produces and sells ethanol in the United States. The company provides corn, distillers grains, ethanol, distillers corn oil, gasoline, and natural gas. It also offers dry distillers grains with soluble, which is used as a protein in animal feed. The company was formerly known as REX Stores Corporation and changed its name to REX American Resources Corporation in 2010. REX American Resources Corporation was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in Dayton, Ohio.;tech
REZI;Resideo Technologies, Inc. develops, manufactures, sells, and distributes comfort, energy management, and safety and security solutions in the United States, Europe, and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Products and Solutions, and ADI Global Distribution. The Products and Solutions segment offers temperature and humidity control, water and air solutions, smoke and carbon monoxide detection home safety products, residential and small business security products, video cameras, other home-related lifestyle convenience solutions, cloud infrastructure, installation and maintenance tools, and related software products under the Honeywell Home, First Alert, Resideo, Braukmann, and BRK brand names. The ADI Global Distribution segment distributes low-voltage products, including security, fire, and access control; and participates in the broader related markets of smart home, residential audio-visual, professional audio-visual, power management, networking, data communications, wire and cable, enterprise connectivity, and structured wiring products. The company sells its products and services through a network of professional contractors, installers and integrators, distributors, and original equipment manufacturers, as well as retailers and online merchants. Resideo Technologies, Inc. was incorporated in 2018 and is headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona.;tech
RF;Regions Financial Corporation, a financial holding company, provides various banking and related products and services to individual and corporate customers. It operates through three segments: Corporate Bank, Consumer Bank, and Wealth Management. The Corporate Bank segment offers commercial banking services, such as commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, and investor real estate lending; equipment lease financing; deposit products; capital markets activities, such as securities underwriting and placement; and loan syndication and placement, foreign exchange, derivatives, merger and acquisition, and other advisory services to corporate, middle market, and commercial real estate developers and investors. The Consumer Bank segment provides consumer banking products and services related to residential first mortgages, home equity lines and loans, consumer credit cards, and other consumer loans, as well as the corresponding deposit relationships. The Wealth Management segment offers credit related products, and retirement and savings solutions; and trust and investment management, asset management, and estate planning to individuals, businesses, governmental institutions, and non-profit entities. It also provides investment and insurance products; home improvement lending, investment advisory services, equipment financing for commercial clients, small business customers, low-income housing tax credit corporate fund syndication services, financing to CRA-qualified customers, and broker-dealer services to commercial clients; and other specialty financing services. The company was founded in 1971 and is headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama.;tech
RFI;Cohen & Steers Total Return Realty Fund, Inc. is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched by Cohen & Steers, Inc. The fund is managed by Cohen & Steers Capital Management, Inc. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating in the real estate sector, including real estate investment trusts. It invests in stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the FTSE NAREIT Equity REIT Index, the S&P 500 Index, and a blended index composed of 80% FTSE NAREIT Equity REIT Index and 20% BofA Merrill Lynch REIT Preferred Securities Index. Cohen & Steers Total Return Realty Fund, Inc. was formed on September 4, 1992 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
RFL;Rafael Holdings, Inc. primarily engages in holding interests in clinical and early-stage pharmaceutical companies, and commercial real estate assets in the United States and Israel. It operates in three segments, Healthcare, Infusion Technology, and Real Estate. The company engages in the development and commercialization of therapies that exploit the metabolic differences between normal cells and cancer cells. Its lead drug candidate is CPI-613 (devimistat), a stable analog of transient, acylated catalytic intermediates of lipoate currently under phase 2 open-label multi-cohort study evaluating CPI-613 in combination with hydroxychloroquine and 5-fluorouracil or gemcitabine in patients with advanced chemorefractory colorectal, pancreatic, or other solid cancers; and under phase 1 dose-escalation study of CPI-613 in combination with chemoradiation in patients with pancreatic adenocarcinoma. The company is also involved in developing Promitil, a molecule designed for the targeted delivery of mitomycin-C in a proprietary prodrug form, completed Phase 1A and 1B clinical studies targeting patients with advanced cancers; Folate-targeted Promitil (Promi-Fol) which is aimed at local treatment (intravesical) of superficial bladder cancer; and Promi-Dox, a highly potent dual drug liposome with MLP and doxorubicin targeting a potential basket of tumors. In addition, it engages in the development of surgical and procedural devices, including orthopedic arthroscopy instrument for Carpal Tunnel syndrome. Rafael Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in 2017 and is headquartered in Newark, New Jersey.;tech
RGA;Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated provides reinsurance and financial solutions. It offers individual and group life and health insurance products, such as term life, credit life, universal life, whole life, group life and health, joint and last survivor insurance, critical illness, disability, and longevity products, as well as asset-intensive and financial reinsurance products; and other capital motivated solutions. The company also provides reinsurance for mortality, morbidity, lapse, and investment-related risk associated with products; and reinsurance for investment-related risks. In addition, the company develops and markets technology solutions; and offers consulting and outsourcing solutions for the insurance and reinsurance industries. It operates in the United States, Latin America, Canada, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated was founded in 1973 and is headquartered in Chesterfield, Missouri.;tech
RGR;Sturm, Ruger & Company, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and sells firearms under the Ruger name and trademark in the United States. It operates through two segments, Firearms and Castings. The company offers single-shot, autoloading, bolt-action, and modern sporting rifles; rimfire and centerfire autoloading pistols; single-action and double-action revolvers; and firearms accessories and replacement parts, as well as manufactures lever-action rifles under the Marlin name and trademark. It also provides steel investment castings and metal injection molding (MIM) parts. The company sells its firearm products to the commercial sporting market through independent wholesale distributors; and its investment castings and MIM parts directly or through manufacturers' representatives. It exports its firearm products through a network of selected commercial distributors and directly to foreign customers comprising primarily of law enforcement agencies and foreign governments. Sturm, Ruger & Company, Inc. was founded in 1949 and is headquartered in Southport, Connecticut.;tech
RGT;Royce Global Value Trust, Inc. was a closed ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Royce & Associates, LLC. It invests in the public equity markets across the globe. The fund spreads its investments across diversified sectors. It invests in value oriented stocks of small-cap and micro-cap companies. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Russell Global SC Index. Royce Global Value Trust, Inc. was formed on November 26, 1986 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
RH;RH, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a retailer and lifestyle brand in the home furnishings market in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Germany, Belgium, and Spain. It operates through three segments: RH Segment, Waterworks, and Real Estate. The company offers products in various categories, including furniture, lighting, textiles, bathware, décor, outdoor and garden, baby, child, and teen furnishings. It sells its products through hospitality, websites, sourcebooks, and trade and contract channels, as well as operates RH galleries, RH outlet stores, RH guesthouses, RH Interior design office, and waterworks showrooms. The company was formerly known as Restoration Hardware Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to RH in January 2017. RH was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in Corte Madera, California.;tech
RHI;Robert Half Inc. provides talent solutions and business consulting services in the United States and internationally. The company operates through Contract Talent Solutions, Permanent Placement Talent Solutions, and Protiviti segments. The Contract Talent Solutions segment provides contract engagement professionals in the fields of finance and accounting, technology, marketing and creative, legal and administrative, and customer support. This segment markets its services to clients and employment candidates through national and local advertising activities, including radio, digital advertising, job boards, alliance partners, and events. The Permanent Placement Talent Solutions segment engages in the placement of full-time accounting, finance, and tax and accounting operations personnel. The Protiviti segment offers consulting services for compliance, finance, technology, operations, data, digital, legal, HR, governance, risk and internal audit. It offers it services under the Accountemps, Robert Half Finance and Accounting, OfficeTeam, Robert Half Technology, Robert Half Management Resources, Robert Half Legal, and The Creative Group brands. The company was formerly known as Robert Half International Inc. and changed its name to Robert Half Inc. in July 2023. Robert Half Inc. was founded in 1948 and is headquartered in Menlo Park, California.;tech
RHP;Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc. (NYSE: RHP) is a leading lodging and hospitality real estate investment trust that specializes in upscale convention center resorts and entertainment experiences. The Company's holdings include Gaylord Opryland Resort & Convention Center; Gaylord Palms Resort & Convention Center; Gaylord Texan Resort & Convention Center; Gaylord National Resort & Convention Center; and Gaylord Rockies Resort & Convention Center, five of the top seven largest non-gaming convention center hotels in the United States based on total indoor meeting space. The Company also owns the JW Marriott San Antonio Hill Country Resort & Spa as well as two ancillary hotels adjacent to our Gaylord Hotels properties. The Company's hotel portfolio is managed by Marriott International and includes a combined total of 11,414 rooms as well as more than 3 million square feet of total indoor and outdoor meeting space in top convention and leisure destinations across the country. RHP also owns an approximate 70% controlling ownership interest in Opry Entertainment Group (OEG), which is composed of entities owning a growing collection of iconic and emerging country music brands, including the Grand Ole Opry; Ryman Auditorium; WSM 650 AM; Ole Red; Category 10; Nashville-area attractions; Block 21, a mixed-use entertainment, lodging, office and retail complex, including the W Austin Hotel and the ACL Live at the Moody Theater, located in downtown Austin, Texas; and a majority interest in Southern Entertainment, a leading festival and events business. RHP operates OEG as its Entertainment segment in a taxable REIT subsidiary, and its results are consolidated in the Company's financial results.;tech
RIO;Rio Tinto Group engages in exploring, mining, and processing mineral resources worldwide. The company operates through Iron Ore, Aluminium, Copper, and Minerals Segments. The Iron Ore segment engages in the iron ore mining, and salt and gypsum production in Western Australia. The Aluminum segment is involved in bauxite mining; and alumina refining, smelting, and recycling. The Copper segment engages in mining and refining of copper, gold, silver, molybdenum, and other by-products and exploration activities. The Minerals segment is involved in mining and processing of borates, titanium dioxide feedstock, and iron concentrate and pellets; diamond mining, sorting, and marketing; and development projects for battery materials, such as lithium. It also owns and operates open pit and underground mines; and refineries, smelters, processing plants and power, and shipping facilities. The company was founded in 1873 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
RITM;Rithm Capital Corp. operates as an asset manager focused on real estate, credit, and financial services in the United States. It operates through Origination and Servicing, Investment Portfolio, Residential Transitional Lending, and Asset Management segments. The company's investment portfolio primarily comprises of single-family rental properties, title, appraisal and property preservation and maintenance businesses; real estate securities, call rights, SFR properties, and residential mortgage loans; consumer and business purpose loans; and asset management related investments. The company qualifies as a real estate investment trust for federal income tax purposes. It generally would not be subject to federal corporate income taxes if it distributes at least 90% of its taxable income to its stockholders. The company was formerly known as New Residential Investment Corp. and changed its name to Rithm Capital Corp. in August 2022. Rithm Capital Corp. was incorporated in 2011 and is based in New York, New York.;tech
RJF;Raymond James Financial, Inc., a diversified financial services company, provides private client group, capital markets, asset management, banking, and other services to individuals, corporations, and municipalities in the United States, Canada, and Europe. The Private Client Group segment offers investment services, portfolio management services, insurance and annuity products, and mutual funds; support to third-party mutual fund and annuity companies, including sales and marketing support, as well as distribution and accounting, and administrative services; margin loans; securities borrowing and lending services; diversification strategies and alternative investment products; and custodial, trade execution, research, and other support and services. The Capital Markets segment provides investment banking services, such as equity and debt underwriting, and merger and acquisition advisory services; and fixed income and equity brokerage services. This segment also offers institutional sales, securities trading, equity research, and the syndication and management of investments in low-income housing funds and funds of a similar nature. The Asset Management segment provides asset management, portfolio management, and related administrative services to retail and institutional clients; and administrative support services, such as record-keeping. The Bank segment offers various types of loans, including securities-based, commercial and industrial, commercial real estate and construction, real estate investment trust, residential mortgage, and tax-exempt loans; insured deposit accounts; retail and corporate deposit; and liquidity management products and services. The Other segment engages in the private equity investments comprising invests in third-party funds. Raymond James Financial, Inc. was founded in 1962 and is headquartered in Saint Petersburg, Florida.;tech
RKT;Rocket Companies, Inc., provides spanning mortgage, real estate, and personal finance services in the United States and Canada. It operates through two segments, Direct to Consumer and Partner Network. The company offers Rocket Mortgage, a mortgage lender service; Rocket Close, an appraisal management, settlement, and title service; Rocket Homes, a home search platform and real estate agent referral network that provides technology-enabled services to support the home buying and selling experience; and Rocket Loans, an online-based personal loans business. It also provides Rocket Money that provides financial wellness services, including subscription cancellation, budget management, and credit score; and Lendesk, a software service that provides a point of sale system for mortgage professionals and a loan origination system for private lenders. In addition, the company originates, closes, sells, and services agency-conforming loans. Rocket Companies, Inc. was founded in 1985 and is headquartered in Detroit, Michigan. Rocket Companies, Inc. operates as a subsidiary of Rock Holdings Inc.;tech
RL;Ralph Lauren Corporation designs, markets, and distributes lifestyle products in North America, Europe, Asia, and internationally. It offers apparel, including a range of men's, women's, and children's clothing; footwear and accessories, which comprise casual shoes, dress shoes, boots, sneakers, sandals, eyewear, watches, fashion and fine jewelry, scarves, hats, gloves, and umbrellas, as well as leather goods comprising handbags, luggage, small leather goods, and belts; home products, such as bed and bath lines, furniture, fabric and wall coverings, lighting, dining, floor coverings, decorative accessories, and giftware; and fragrances. The company sells apparel and accessories under the Ralph Lauren Collection, Ralph Lauren Purple Label, Polo Ralph Lauren, Double RL, Lauren Ralph Lauren, Polo Golf Ralph Lauren, Ralph Lauren Golf, RLX Ralph Lauren, Polo Ralph Lauren Children, and Chaps brands; women's fragrances under the Ralph Lauren Collection, Woman by Ralph Lauren, Romance Collection, and Ralph Collection brand names; and men's fragrances under the Ralph's Club, Purple Label, Polo Blue, Polo Red, Polo Green, Polo Black, Polo 67, Safari, Polo Sport, and Big Pony Men's brand names. Its restaurant collection includes The Polo Bar in New York City; RL Restaurant in Chicago; Ralph's in Paris; The Bar at Ralph Lauren located in Milan; Ralph's Bar located in Chengdu, China; and Ralph's Coffee concept. The company sells its products to department stores, specialty stores, and golf and pro shops, as well as directly to consumers through its retail stores, concession-based shop-within-shops, and its digital commerce sites. It directly operates retail stores and concession-based shop-within-shops; and operates Ralph Lauren stores and shops through licensing partners. Ralph Lauren Corporation was founded in 1967 and is based in New York, New York.;tech
RLI;RLI Corp., an insurance holding company, provides property, casualty, and surety insurance products. Its Casualty segment provides commercial excess, personal umbrella, general liability, transportation, and management liability coverages; professional liability and workers' compensation for office-based professional coverages; commercial automobile liability and physical damage insurance to local, intermediate and long haul truckers, public transportation entities, and other specialty commercial automobile risks; incidental related insurance coverages; inland marine coverages; directors and officers liability insurance, fiduciary liability and coverages, employment practice liability, public and private businesses risk, and home business insurance products. This segment also offers coverages for security guards and environmental liability for underground storage tanks, contractors and asbestos, and environmental remediation specialists; and professional liability coverages for errors and omission coverage for small to medium-sized design, technical, computer, and miscellaneous professionals. The company's Property segment offers commercial property insurance, such as fire, earthquake, wind, difference in conditions, earthquake, flood, and collapse coverages; insurance for office buildings, apartments, condominiums, and industrial and mercantile structures; and cargo, hull, protection and indemnity, marine liability, inland marine, homeowners' and dwelling fire, and other property insurance products. Its Surety segment provides commercial surety bonds for medium and large-sized businesses; small bonds for businesses and individuals; and bonds for small to medium-sized contractors. The company offers reinsurance coverages. It markets its products through branch offices, wholesale and retail brokers, carrier partners, and underwriting and independent agents. RLI Corp. was incorporated in 1965 and is headquartered in Peoria, Illinois.;tech
RLX;RLX Technology Inc., through its subsidiaries, develops, manufactures, and sells e-vapor products in the People's Republic of China and internationally. It serves the product through offline distributors. The company was founded in 2018 and is headquartered in Shenzhen, the People's Republic of China.;tech
RM;Regional Management Corp., a diversified consumer finance company, provides various installment loan products primarily to customers with limited access to consumer credit from banks, thrifts, credit card companies, and other lenders in the United States. It offers small and large loans, and related payment and collateral protection insurance products. The company also provides optional payment and collateral protection insurance relating to its loan products, including credit life insurance, accident and health insurance, involuntary unemployment insurance, and personal property insurance; and reinsurance services. In addition, its loans are sourced through branches, direct mail campaigns, digital partners, and consumer website. Regional Management Corp. was incorporated in 1987 and is headquartered in Greer, South Carolina.;tech
RMAX;RE/MAX Holdings, Inc. operates as a franchisor of real estate brokerage services in the United States, Canada, and internationally. The company operates through three segments: Real Estate, Mortgage, and Marketing Funds. It offers real estate brokerage franchising services under the RE/MAX brand name; mortgage brokerage services to real estate brokers, real estate professionals, mortgage professionals, and other investors under the Motto Mortgage brand name; and mortgage loan processing software and services under the wemlo brand name. The company also provides BoldTrail platform, which integrates a suite of digital products that enables agents, brokers, and teams to establish, manage, and grow client relationships; and RE/MAX University platform, a learning hub designed to help each agent in their professional expertise. The company was founded in 1973 and is headquartered in Denver, Colorado.;tech
RMD;ResMed Inc. develops, manufactures, distributes, and markets medical devices and cloud-based software applications to diagnose, treat, and manage respiratory disorders in the United States and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Sleep and Breathing Health, and Residential Care Software. It offers sleep recorders for the diagnosis and titration of sleep apnea in sleep clinics, hospitals, and at home, including ApneaLink Air, a portable diagnostic device that measures oximetry, respiratory effort, pulse, nasal flow, and snoring; NightOwl, a portable, cloud-connected, and disposable diagnostic device that measures AHI based on derived peripheral arterial tone, actigraphy, and oximetry; and EasyCare Tx, a sleep lab solution. The company also provides AirView, a cloud-based system that enables remote monitoring and changing of patients' device settings; myAir, a personalized therapy management application for patients with sleep apnea that provides support, education, and troubleshooting tools for increased patient engagement and improved compliance; and connectivity module which provides a cellular connection between compatible ventilation devices and AirView system. In addition, the company offers Brightree solutions which are solutions and services for organizations in home medical equipment and pharmacy, orthotic and prosthetic, and home infusion; HEALTHCAREfirst solutions that offers electronic health record, software, billing and coding services, and advanced analytics that enables home health and hospice agencies to optimize clinical, financial and administrative processes; MatrixCare EHR software as a service solutions used by skilled nursing and senior living providers, life plan communities, and home health and hospice sectors; and MEDIFOX DAN software solutions that is used by residential care providers, such as home health and nursing home providers. ResMed Inc. was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in San Diego, California.;tech
RMM;Rivernorth Managed Duration Municipal Income Fund Inc. is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by RiverNorth Capital Management, LLC. The fund is co-managed by MacKay Shields LLC. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund primarily invests in investment grade municipal debt securities. It seeks to invest in securities of any maturity. The fund employs a combination of fundamental and quantitative analysis. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Bloomberg Barclays Municipal Bond Index. The fund employs proprietary research to create its portfolio. Rivernorth Managed Duration Municipal Income Fund Inc. was formed on July 26, 2019 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
RMT;Royce Micro-Cap Trust, Inc. is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed Royce & Associates, LLC. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in value stocks of companies with market capitalization of less than $500 million. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolios against Russell 2000 Index. Royce Micro-Cap Trust, Inc was formed on December 14, 1993 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
RNG;RingCentral, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides cloud business communications, contact center, video, and hybrid event solutions in North America and internationally. The company's products include RingEX, a unified communications as a service platform for collaboration across voice, messaging, and video; RingCentral Contact Center, a contact center solution that delivers omni-channel and workforce engagement solutions; and RingCX, a contact center as a service solution for customer engagement with CRM integrations. It also offers artificial intelligence (AI) solutions, such as AI Receptionist, an AI phone agent; AI Assistant, which automates conversation recaps, captures notes, and summarizes actions; RingSense for transforming conversations into actionable conversational intelligence, sentiment and trend analysis, and sales intelligence and analyzing customer interactions; AI-based Quality Management for coaching and operational insights; AI Agent Assist that provides real-time suggestions and contextual responses; AI Supervisor Assist for real-time monitoring, coaching, and sentiment analysis; and RingCentral for Microsoft Teams. In additions, the company provides RingCentral Events, which enables businesses to host virtual, hybrid, and in-person events with AI-powered engagement tools; and sells pre-configured phones and professional services. It serves a range of industries, including financial services, education, healthcare, legal services, real estate, retail, technology, insurance, construction, hospitality, and state and local government, and others. The company sells its products to enterprise customers, and small and medium-sized businesses through resellers and distributors, partners, and global service providers. RingCentral, Inc. was incorporated in 1999 and is headquartered in Belmont, California.;tech
RNGR;Ranger Energy Services, Inc. provides onshore high specification well service rigs, wireline services, and complementary services to exploration and production companies in the United States. It operates through three segments: High Specification Rigs, Wireline Services, and Processing Solutions and Ancillary Services. The High Specification Rigs segment offers well service rigs and complementary equipment and services to facilitate operations throughout the lifecycle of a well; and well maintenance services. This segment has a fleet of 406 well service rigs. The Wireline Services segment provides wireline production and intervention services to provide information to identify and resolve well production problems through cased hole logging, perforating, mechanical, and pipe recovery services; wireline completion services that are used primarily for pump down perforating operations to create perforations or entry holes through the production casing; and pumping services. This segment has a fleet of 72 wireline units and 29 high-pressure pump trucks. The Processing Solutions and Ancillary Services segment rents well service-related equipment consisting of fluid pumps, power swivels, well control packages, hydraulic catwalks, frac tanks, pipe racks, and pipe handling tools; and coiled tubing, decommissioning, and snubbing services, as well as provides proprietary and modular equipment for the processing of natural gas streams. This segment also engages in the rental, installation, commissioning, start up, operation, and maintenance of mechanical refrigeration units, nitrogen gas liquid stabilizer units, nitrogen gas liquid storage units, and related equipment. The company was incorporated in 2017 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
RNP;Cohen & Steers REIT and Preferred Income Fund, Inc. is a closed-ended balanced mutual fund launched by Cohen & Steers Inc. It is managed by Cohen & Steers Capital Management, Inc. The fund invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating in the real estate sector including real estate investment trusts. For its fixed income portfolio, the fund typically invests in debt and preferred securities of companies operating across diversified sectors. It employs fundamental analysis to create its fixed income portfolio with a focus on the issuer's creditworthiness, corporate and capital structure, placement of the preferred or debt securities within that structure, momentum and other exogenous signals, and relative value versus other income security classes and for its equity portfolio also it employs fundamental analysis to create its portfolio with a focus on growth potential, earnings estimates, and the quality of management. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the FTSE NAREIT Equity Index, S&P 500 Index, Merrill Lynch Fixed Rate Preferred Index, and FTSE NAREIT Equity REIT Index. It was formerly known as Cohen & Steers REIT & Preferred Balanced Income Fund. Cohen & Steers REIT and Preferred Income Fund, Inc. was formed on June 27, 2003 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
RNR;RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, provides reinsurance and insurance products in the United States and internationally. The company operates through Property, and Casualty and Specialty segments. The Property segment writes property catastrophe excess of loss reinsurance contracts to insure insurance and reinsurance companies against natural and man-made catastrophes, including hurricanes, earthquakes, typhoons, and tsunamis, as well as winter storms, freezes, floods, fires, windstorms, tornadoes, explosions, and acts of terrorism; and other property class of products, such as proportional reinsurance, property per risk, property reinsurance, binding facilities, and regional U.S. multi-line reinsurance. The Casualty and Specialty segment writes various classes of products, such as directors and officers, medical malpractice, transactional liability, and professional indemnity; automobile and employer's liability, casualty clash, umbrella or excess casualty, workers' compensation, and general liability; financial and mortgage guaranty, political risk, surety, and trade credit; and accident and health, agriculture, aviation, construction, cyber, energy, marine, satellite, and terrorism. It distributes products and services primarily through intermediaries. The company invests in and manages funds. RenaissanceRe Holdings Ltd. was incorporated in 1993 and is headquartered in Pembroke, Bermuda.;tech
RNST;Renasant Corporation operates as a bank holding company for Renasant Bank that provides a range of financial, wealth management, fiduciary, and insurance services to retail and commercial customers. The company operates through Community Banks, Insurance, and Wealth Management segments. The Community Banks segment offers checking and savings accounts, business and personal loans, asset-based lending, and factoring equipment leasing services, as well as safe deposit and night depository facilities. It provides commercial, financial, and agricultural loans; equipment financing and leasing; real estate1-4 family mortgage; real estatecommercial mortgage; real estateconstruction loans for the construction of single family residential properties, multi-family properties, and commercial projects; installment loans to individuals; and interim construction loans, as well as automated teller machine (ATM), online and mobile banking, call center, and treasury management services. The Insurance segment provides insurance agency services, such as commercial and personal insurance products through insurance carriers. The Wealth Management segment offers a range of wealth management and fiduciary services, including administration and management of trust accounts, such as personal and corporate benefit accounts, and custodial accounts, as well as accounting and money management for trust accounts; annuities, mutual funds, and other investment services through a third party broker-dealer; administrative and compliance services; and qualified retirement plans, IRAs, employee benefit plans, personal trusts, and estates. The company was founded in 1904 and is headquartered in Tupelo, Mississippi.;tech
ROG;Rogers Corporation designs, develops, manufactures, and sells engineered materials and components in the United States, other Americas, China, other Asia Pacific countries, Germany, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. It operates through Advanced Electronics Solutions (AES), Elastomeric Material Solutions (EMS), and Other segments. The AES segment offers circuit materials, ceramic substrate materials, busbars, and cooling solutions for applications in electric and hybrid electric vehicles, automotive, aerospace and defense, renewable energy, wireless infrastructure, mass transit, industrial, connected devices, and wired infrastructure markets. This segment sells its products under the curamik, ROLINX, RO4000 series, RO3000 series, RT/duroid, CLTE series, TMM, AD series, DiClad series, CuClad series, Kappa, COOLSPAN, TC series, IsoClad series, MAGTREX, IM series, 2929 Bondply, SpeedWave Prepreg, RO4400/RO4400T series, and Radix trade names. The EMS segment provides engineered material solutions, including polyurethane and silicone materials used in cushioning, gasketing, sealing, and vibration management applications; customized silicones used in flex heater and semiconductor thermal applications; and polytetrafluoroethylene and ultra-high molecular weight polyethylene materials used in wire and cable protection, electrical insulation, conduction and shielding, hose and belt protection, vibration management, cushioning, gasketing and sealing, and venting applications. This segment sells its products under the PORON, BISCO, DeWAL, ARLON, eSorba, XRD, Silicone Engineering, and R/bak trade names. The Other segment offers elastomer components under the ENDUR trade name for applications in the general industrial market, as well as elastomer floats under the NITROPHYL trade name for level sensing in fuel tanks, motors, and storage tanks applications in the general industrial and automotive markets. The company was founded in 1832 and is headquartered in Chandler, Arizona.;tech
ROK;Rockwell Automation, Inc. provides industrial automation and digital transformation solutions in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, and Latin America. The company operates through three segments: Intelligent Devices, Software & Control, and Lifecycle Services. The Intelligent Devices segment offers drives, motion, safety, sensing, industrial components, and configured-to-order products. The Software & Control segment provides control and visualization software and hardware, information software, and network and security infrastructure solutions. The Lifecycle Services segment provides consulting, professional services and solutions, and connected and maintenance services. It sells its solutions primarily through independent distributors in relation with its direct sales force. It serves discrete end markets, including automotive, semiconductor, and warehousing and logistics, as well as general industries comprising printing and publishing, marine, glass, fiber and textiles, airports, and aerospace; hybrid end markets, such as food and beverage, life sciences, household and personal care, and tire, as well as eco industrial, including water/wastewater, waste management, mass transit, and renewable energy; and process end markets comprising oil and gas, mining, metals, chemicals, pulp and paper, and others. The company was founded in 1903 and is headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.;tech
ROL;Rollins, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides pest and wildlife control services to residential and commercial customers in the United States and internationally. The company offers pest control services to residential properties protecting from common pests, including rodents, insects, and wildlife. It also provides workplace pest control solutions for customers across various end markets, such as healthcare, foodservice, and logistics. In addition, the company offers termite protection and ancillary services. It serves clients directly, as well as through franchisee operations. The company was formerly known as Rollins Broadcasting, Inc and changed its name to Rollins, Inc. in 1965. Rollins, Inc. was founded in 1901 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
RPM;RPM International Inc. provides specialty chemicals for the construction, industrial, specialty, and consumer markets. It operates in four segments: CPG, PCG, Consumer, and SPG. The company offers waterproofing, coating, and traditional roofing systems; sealants, air barriers, tapes, and foams; residential home weatherization systems; roofing and building maintenance services; sealing and bonding, subfloor preparation, flooring, and glazing solutions; resin flooring systems, polyurethane, MMA waterproof, epoxy floor paint and coatings, concrete repair, and protection products; fire stopping and intumescent steel coating, and manufacturing industry solutions; and rolled asphalt roofing materials and chemical admixtures. It also provides concrete and masonry admixtures, concrete fibers, cement performance enhancers, curing and sealing compounds, structural grouts and mortars, epoxy adhesives, injection resins, polyurethane foams, floor hardeners and toppings, joint fillers, industrial and architectural coatings, decorative color/stains/stamps, restoration materials, concrete panel wall systems, flooring systems, fluorescent colorants and pigments, shellac-based-specialty and marine coatings, and fuel additives. It offers fiberglass reinforced plastic gratings and shapes; corrosion-control coating, containment and railcar lining, fire and sound proofing, heat and cryogenic insulation, and specialty construction products; amine curing agents, reactive diluents, and epoxy resins; fire and water damage restoration, carpet cleaning, and disinfecting products; wood treatments, coatings, and touch-up products; nail enamels, polishes, and coating components; paint contractors and DIYers, concrete restoration and flooring, metallic and faux finish coatings, cleaners, and hobby paints and cements; and caulks, adhesives, insulating foams, and patches, spackling, glazing, and repair products. The company was incorporated in 1947 and is headquartered in Medina, Ohio.;tech
RQI;Cohen & Steers Quality Income Realty Fund, Inc. is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched by Cohen & Steers, Inc. The fund is managed by Cohen & Steers Capital Management, Inc. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating in the real estate sector, including real estate investment trusts. It primarily invests in growth stocks of companies across all market capitalizations. The fund employs fundamental analysis focusing on such factors as underlying potential for success in light of the company's current financial condition, its industry and sector position, economic and market condition, earnings growth, current ratio of debt to capital, and the quality of management to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index, the FTSE NAREIT Equity REIT index, and a composite index of 80% FTSE NAREIT Equity REIT Index and 20% BofA Merrill Lynch REIT Preferred Securities Index. The fund was previously known as Cohen & Steers Income Realty Fund Inc. Cohen & Steers Quality Income Realty Fund, Inc. was formed on February 28, 2002 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
RRC;Range Resources Corporation operates as an independent natural gas, natural gas liquids (NGLs), and oil company in the United States. The company engages in the exploration, development, and acquisition of natural gas and oil properties located in the Appalachian region. It sells natural gas to utilities, marketing and midstream companies, and industrial users; NGLs to petrochemical end users, marketers/traders, and natural gas processors; and oil to crude oil processors, transporters, and refining and marketing companies. The company was formerly known as Lomak Petroleum Inc. and changed its name to Range Resources Corporation in August 1998. Range Resources Corporation was founded in 1976 and is headquartered in Fort Worth, Texas.;tech
RRX;Regal Rexnord Corporation provides sustainable solutions for power, transmit, and control motion products in the North America, Asia, Europe, and internationally. It operates through Industrial Powertrain Solutions, Automation and Motion Control, and Power Efficiency Solutions segments. The Industrial Powertrain Solutions segment provides mounted and unmounted bearings, couplings, mechanical power transmission drives and components, gearboxes, gear motors, clutches, brakes, special, and industrial powertrain components and solutions for metals and mining, general industrial, energy, alternative energy, machinery / off-highway, discrete automation, and other markets. Its Power Efficiency Solutions segment offers AC and DC motors, electronic variable speed controls, electronic drives, fans, and blowers for residential, commercial HVAC, water heaters, commercial refrigeration, commercial building ventilation, pool and spa, irrigation, dewatering, agricultural, conveying and other applications. The Automation and Motion Control segment provides conveying automation subsystems, aerospace components, precision motion control solutions, miniature servo motors, controls, drives and linear actuators, and power management products, as well as automatic transfer switches and paralleling switchgear for industrial automation, robotics, food and beverage, aerospace, medical, agricultural and construction, general industrial, data center, and other markets. It sells its products directly to original equipment manufacturers, distributors, and end-users. The company was formerly known as Regal Beloit Corporation. Regal Rexnord Corporation was founded in 1955 and is based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.;tech
RS;Reliance, Inc. operates as a diversified metal solutions provider and metals service center company primarily in the United States and Canada. It distributes a line of metal products, including alloy, aluminum, brass, copper, carbon steel, stainless steel, titanium, and other specialty steel products; and provides metals processing services to consumer products, general manufacturing, non-residential construction, transportation, aerospace, energy, electronics and semiconductor fabrication, industrial machinery, and heavy industries. The company sells its products directly to original equipment manufacturers, which primarily include small machine shops and fabricators. The company was formerly known as Reliance Steel & Aluminum Co. and changed its name to Reliance, Inc. in February 2024. Reliance, Inc. was founded in 1939 and is based in Scottsdale, Arizona.;tech
RSG;Republic Services, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, offers environmental services in the United States and Canada. It is involved in the collection and processing of recyclable, solid waste, and industrial waste materials; transportation and disposal of non-hazardous and hazardous waste streams; and other environmental solutions. Its residential collection services include curbside collection of material for transport to transfer stations, landfills, recycling centers, and organics processing facilities; supply of recycling and waste containers; and renting of compactors. The company also engages in the processing and sale of old corrugated containers, old newsprint, aluminum, glass, and other materials; and provision of landfill services. It serves small-container, large-container, and residential customers. The company was incorporated in 1996 and is based in Phoenix, Arizona.;tech
RSI;Rush Street Interactive, Inc. operates as an online casino and sports betting company in the United States, Canada, and Latin America. The company offers real-money online casino, online and retail sports betting, and social gaming services. It also provides full suite of games comprising bricks-and-mortar casinos, such as table games, slot machines, and poker games. The company offers its products under BetRivers, PlaySugarHouse, and RushBet brands. Rush Street Interactive, Inc. was founded in 2012 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
RSKD;Riskified Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, develops and offers an e-commerce risk intelligent platform that allows online merchants to create trusted relationships with consumers in the United States, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia-Pacific, and the Americas. It offers Chargeback Guarantee that ensures the legitimacy of merchants' online orders; Dispute Resolve, which is used to compile submissions for fraud and non-fraud related chargeback issues; Policy Protect, a machine learning solution designed to detect and prevent refund and returns policy abuse in real-time; Account Secure, a solution that cross-checks every login attempt; and PSD2 Optimize that helps merchants avoid bank authorization failures and abandoned shopping carts. The company serves direct-to-consumer brands, online-only retailers, omnichannel retailers, online marketplaces, and e-commerce service providers in various industries, such as payments, money transfer, tickets and travel, electronics, home, and fashion and luxury goods. Riskified Ltd. was incorporated in 2012 and is based in New York, New York.;tech
RTO;Rentokil Initial plc, together with its subsidiaries, provides route-based services in North America, Europe, the United Kingdom, Asia, the Middle East, North Africa, Turkey, and Pacific. It offers a range of pest control services for rodents, and flying and crawling insects, as well as other forms of wildlife management. The company provides hygiene services, including the provision and maintenance of products, such as soap and hand sanitizer dispensers, hand dryers, air care and purification, cubicle and surface sanitizers, feminine hygiene units, toilet paper dispensers, and floor protection mats. In addition, it engages in the supply and laundering of garments for commercial organizations. Further, the company provides a range of specialist cleaning services, such as graffiti removal, deep cleaning of kitchens and washrooms, trauma cleaning, and flood or fire damage cleaning, as well as specialist deep cleaning services. Rentokil Initial plc was founded in 1903 and is headquartered in Crawley, the United Kingdom.;tech
RTX;RTX Corporation, an aerospace and defense company, provides systems and services for the commercial, military, and government customers in the United States and internationally. It operates through three segments: Collins Aerospace, Pratt & Whitney, and Raytheon. The Collins Aerospace Systems segment offers aerospace and defense products, and aftermarket service solutions for civil and military aircraft manufacturers and commercial airlines, as well as regional, business, and general aviation, defense, and commercial space operations. This segment also designs, produces, and supports cabin interior, including seating, oxygen systems, food and beverage preparation, storage and galley systems, and lavatory and wastewater management systems; battlespace, test and training range systems, crew escape systems, and simulation and training solutions; information management services; and aftermarket services that include spare parts, overhaul and repair, engineering and technical support, training and fleet management solutions, and asset and information management services. The Pratt & Whitney segment supplies aircraft engines for commercial, military, business jet, and general aviation customers; and produces, sells, and services military and commercial auxiliary power units. The Raytheon segment provides defensive and offensive threat detection, tracking, and mitigation capabilities for government, and commercial customers. The company was formerly known as Raytheon Technologies Corporation and changed its name to RTX Corporation in July 2023. RTX Corporation was incorporated in 1934 and is headquartered in Arlington, Virginia.;tech
RVLV;Revolve Group, Inc. operates as an online fashion retailer for millennial and generation z consumers in the United States and internationally. The company operates in two segments, REVOLVE and FWRD. It operates a platform that connects consumers and global fashion influencers, as well as emerging, established, and owned brands. The company offers apparel, footwear, beauty, accessories, and home products from emerging, established, and owned brands, as well as luxury brands through its websites and mobile apps. The company was formerly known as Advance Holdings, LLC and changed its name to Revolve Group, Inc. in October 2018. Revolve Group, Inc. was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in Cerritos, California.;tech
RVT;Royce Value Trust Inc. is a close ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Royce & Associates, LLC. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund spreads its investments across diversified sectors. It invests in value oriented stocks of small cap and micro cap companies. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Russell 2000 Index. Royce Value Trust Inc. was formed on July 1, 1986 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
RVTY;Revvity, Inc. provides health sciences solutions, technologies, and services. The company provides instruments, reagents, informatics, software, subscriptions, detection, imaging technologies, warranties, training, and DNA sequencing services; and instruments, reagents, assay platforms, and software products for the early detection of genetic disorders, such as pregnancy and early childhood, as well as infectious disease testing in the diagnostics market. Its products are used for testing and screening genetic abnormalities, disorders, and diseases, including down syndrome, hypothyroidism, muscular dystrophy, infertility, and various metabolic conditions. The company also develops technologies that enable and support genomic workflows using protein coupled receptor and next-generation DNA sequencing for oncology, screening newborns for rare genetic conditions, immunodiagnostics, and drug discovery. It serves pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, laboratories, academic and research institutions, public health authorities, private healthcare organizations, doctors, and government agencies under the AutoDELFIA, BACS-on-Beads, BIOCHIPs, Bioo Scientific, BioQule, BoBs, chemagic, Chitas, DELFIA, DELFIA Xpress, DOPlify, EONIS, EUROArray, EUROIMMUN, EUROLabWorkstation, EUROLINE, EUROPatternTM, Evolution Evoya, explorer, Fontus, GSP, Haoyuan, IDS Immunodiagnosticsystems, IDS-i10, IDS-i10T, IDS-iSYS, iLab, iQ, JANUS, LabChip, LifeCycle, LimsLink, Migele, MultiPROBE, NEXTFLEX, NextPrep, Omni Bead Ruptor, Omni Bead Ruptor Elite, Omni Tip, Pannoramic, Panthera Puncher, PG-Seq, PG-Find, PreNAT II, Prime, Protein Clear, ProteinEXact, QuantiVac, RONIA, Sciclone, SimplicityChrom, Specimen Gate, Superflex, Symbio, T-SPOT, Touch, Twister, Vanadis, VariSpec, ViaCord, VICTOR2D, and Zephyr names. The company was formerly known as PerkinElmer, Inc. and changed its name to Revvity, Inc. in April 2023. Revvity, Inc. was founded in 1937 and is headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts.;tech
RWT;Redwood Trust, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a specialty finance company in the United States. It operates through three segments: Sequoia Mortgage Banking, CoreVest Mortgage Banking, and Redwood Investments. The Residential Consumer Mortgage Banking segment operates a mortgage loan conduit that acquires residential loans from third-party originators for subsequent sale, securitization, or transfer to its investment portfolio. This segment also offers derivative financial instruments to manage risks associated with residential loans. Its CoreVest Mortgage Banking segment operates a platform that originates business purpose loans to investors in single-family and multifamily residential properties and bridge loans for subsequent securitization, sale, or transfer into its investment portfolio. The Redwood Investments segment invests in securities retained from residential consumer and investor securitization activities, and business purpose lending bridge loans, as well as residential mortgage-backed securities issued by third parties, Freddie Mac K-Series multifamily loan securitizations and reperforming loan securitizations, servicer advance investments, home equity investments, and other housing-related investments. The company is elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust (REIT) for federal income tax purposes. Redwood Trust, Inc. was incorporated in 1994 and is headquartered in Mill Valley, California.;tech
RWTP;Redwood Trust, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a specialty finance company in the United States. It operates through three segments: Sequoia Mortgage Banking, CoreVest Mortgage Banking, and Redwood Investments. The Residential Consumer Mortgage Banking segment operates a mortgage loan conduit that acquires residential loans from third-party originators for subsequent sale, securitization, or transfer to its investment portfolio. This segment also offers derivative financial instruments to manage risks associated with residential loans. Its CoreVest Mortgage Banking segment operates a platform that originates business purpose loans to investors in single-family and multifamily residential properties and bridge loans for subsequent securitization, sale, or transfer into its investment portfolio. The Redwood Investments segment invests in securities retained from residential consumer and investor securitization activities, and business purpose lending bridge loans, as well as residential mortgage-backed securities issued by third parties, Freddie Mac K-Series multifamily loan securitizations and reperforming loan securitizations, servicer advance investments, home equity investments, and other housing-related investments. The company is elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust (REIT) for federal income tax purposes. Redwood Trust, Inc. was incorporated in 1994 and is headquartered in Mill Valley, California.;tech
RXO;RXO, Inc. engages in truck brokerage business in the United States, Canada, Mexico, Asia, and Europe. The company offers truckload freight brokering services. It also provides asset-light managed transportation and last mile services, as well as freight forwarding services, including facilitation of ocean and air transportation, customs brokerage, and additional domestic services. RXO, Inc. was incorporated in 2022 and is based in Charlotte, North Carolina.;tech
RY;Royal Bank of Canada operates as a diversified financial service company worldwide. Its Personal Banking segment offers home equity financing, personal lending, chequing and savings accounts, private banking, auto financing, mutual funds, GICs, credit cards, and payment products and solutions. The company's Commercial Banking segments provides lending, deposit and transaction banking products and services. Its Wealth Management segment provides a suite of wealth, investment, trust, banking, credit, and other solutions to clients; asset management products to institutional and individual clients; and asset and investor services to financial institutions, asset managers, and asset owners. The company's Insurance segment offers life, health, travel, wealth, annuities, property and casualty, and reinsurance advice and solutions; digital platforms; and independent brokers and partners, as well as client-led advice and solutions. The company's Capital Markets segment offers advisory and origination, sales and trading, lending and financing, and transaction banking services to corporations, institutional clients, asset managers, private equity firms, and governments. The company was founded in 1864 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.;tech
RYAM;Rayonier Advanced Materials Inc. manufactures and sells cellulose specialty products in the United States, China, Europe, Japan, rest of Asia, Canada, Latin America, and internationally. It operates through High Purity Cellulose, Paperboard, and High-Yield Pulp segments. The company's products include cellulose specialties, which are natural polymers that are used as raw materials to manufacture a range of consumer-oriented products, such as liquid crystal displays, impact-resistant plastics, thickeners for food products, pharmaceuticals, cosmetics, cigarette filters, high-tenacity rayon tire cords and industrial hoses, food casings, paints, and lacquers. It also offers commodity products, such as commodity viscose used in woven applications, including rayon textiles for clothing and other fabrics, as well as in non-woven applications comprising baby wipes, cosmetic and personal wipes, industrial wipes, and mattress ticking; and absorbent materials consisting of fluff that are used as an absorbent medium in disposable baby diapers, feminine hygiene products, incontinence pads, convalescent bed pads, industrial towels and wipes, and non-woven fabrics. In addition, the company provides paperboards for packaging, printing documents, brochures, promotional materials, paperback books and catalog covers, file folders, tags, and lottery tickets; and high-yield pulps to produces hardwood aspen, maple, and birch species for paperboard, packaging, printing and writing papers, and various other paper products. Rayonier Advanced Materials Inc. was founded in 1926 and is headquartered in Jacksonville, Florida.;tech
RYAN;Ryan Specialty Holdings, Inc. operates as a service provider of specialty products and solutions for insurance brokers, agents, and carriers in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, rest of Europe, India, and Singapore. The company offers distribution, underwriting, product development, administration, and risk management services by acting as a wholesale broker and a managing underwriter. It serves commercial, industrial, institutional, and government sectors. The company was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
RYI;Ryerson Holding Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, processes and distributes industrial metals in the United States and internationally. It offers a line of products in carbon steel, stainless steel, alloy steels, and aluminum, as well as nickel and red metals in various shapes and forms, including coils, sheets, rounds, hexagons, square and flat bars, plates, structural, and tubing. The company also provides processing services. It serves various industries, including metal fabrication and machine shops, industrial machinery and equipment, commercial ground transportation, consumer durable equipment, HVAC manufacturing, food processing and agricultural equipment, construction equipment, and oil and gas. Ryerson Holding Corporation was founded in 1842 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
RZB;Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated provides reinsurance and financial solutions. It offers individual and group life and health insurance products, such as term life, credit life, universal life, whole life, group life and health, joint and last survivor insurance, critical illness, disability, and longevity products, as well as asset-intensive and financial reinsurance products; and other capital motivated solutions. The company also provides reinsurance for mortality, morbidity, lapse, and investment-related risk associated with products; and reinsurance for investment-related risks. In addition, the company develops and markets technology solutions; and offers consulting and outsourcing solutions for the insurance and reinsurance industries. It operates in the United States, Latin America, Canada, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. Reinsurance Group of America, Incorporated was founded in 1973 and is headquartered in Chesterfield, Missouri.;tech
S;SentinelOne, Inc. operates as a cybersecurity provider in the United States and internationally. The company's Singularity Platform delivers an artificial intelligence-powered autonomous threat prevention, detection, and response capabilities across an organization's endpoints, cloud workloads, and identify credentials, which enables seamless and autonomous protection against a spectrum of cyber threats. It also offers generative AI-security agent (Purple AI), security information and event management, endpoint security, cloud security, identity security, exposure and vulnerability management, and threat services. The company has a strategic alliance with Schwarz Digits KG for the development of sovereign, an AI-powered cybersecurity platform. The company was formerly known as Sentinel Labs, Inc. and changed its name to SentinelOne, Inc. in March 2021. SentinelOne, Inc. was incorporated in 2013 and is headquartered in Mountain View, California.;tech
SABA;Saba Capital Income & Opportunities Fund II is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Saba Capital Management, L.P. The fund invests in fixed income markets across the globe. It primarily invests in government bonds. The fund is actively managed. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the J.P. Morgan Global Government Bond Index. Saba Capital Income & Opportunities Fund II was formed on March 17, 1988 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
SAH;Sonic Automotive, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an automotive retailer in the United States. It operates in three segments: Franchised Dealerships, EchoPark, and Powersports. The Franchised Dealerships segment engages in the sale of new and used cars and light trucks; sale of replacement parts; provision of vehicle maintenance, manufacturer warranty repairs, and paint and collision repair services; and arrangement of third-party financing, extended warranties, service contracts, insurance, and other aftermarket products. Its EchoPark segment sells used cars and light trucks; and arranges third-party finance and insurance product sales for its guests in pre-owned vehicle specialty retail locations. The Powersports segment engages in the sale of new and used powersports vehicles, such as motorcycles, personal watercraft, and all-terrain vehicles; and provision of fixed operations services, and third-party finance and insurance services. Sonic Automotive, Inc. was incorporated in 1997 and is based in Charlotte, North Carolina.;tech
SAM;The Boston Beer Company, Inc. produces and sells alcohol beverages primarily in the United States. Its flagship beer is Samuel Adams Boston Lager. The company offers various beers, hard ciders, flavored malt beverages, and hard seltzers under the Samuel Adams, Twisted Tea, Truly, Angry Orchard, Dogfish Head, Angel City, and Coney Island brand names. It markets and sells its products to a network wholesaler in the United States, as well as wholesalers, importers, or other agencies that in turn sell to retailers, such as grocery stores, club stores, convenience stores, liquor stores, bars, restaurants, stadiums, and other traditional and e-commerce retail outlets. It sells its products in Canada, Mexico, and internationally. The Boston Beer Company, Inc. was founded in 1984 and is based in Boston, Massachusetts.;tech
SAN;Banco Santander, S.A. provides various financial products and services to individuals, small and medium-sized enterprises, large corporations, and public entities worldwide. The company operates through five segments: Retail & Commercial Banking, Digital Consumer Bank, Corporate & Investment Banking, Wealth Management & Insurance, and Payments. It offers demand and time deposits, mutual funds, and current and savings accounts; mortgages, consumer finance, loans, and various financing solutions; and project finance, debt capital markets, global transaction banking, and corporate finance services. The company also provides credit and debit cards, real estate loans, microfinance, and auto loans; private and investment banking services; advice on mergers and acquisitions; wealth, asset, and risk management services; and digital payments and technology solutions. In addition, it is involved in the securitization, leasing, management of portfolios, e-commerce, air transport, aircraft rental, software, consulting, payment and collection, fund and investment management, renewable energy, vehicle rental, insurance, advertising, marketing, telemarketing, automotive, agricultural, factoring, securities brokerage and investment, pension fund management, trade intermediary, venture capital fund, renting, restaurant, electricity production, IT, internet, and financial advisory and other activities; management, rental, and other real estate activities; and purchase and sale of vehicles. Further, the company offers mobile and online banking services. Banco Santander, S.A. was formerly known as Banco Santander Central Hispano SA and changed its name to Banco Santander, S.A. in February 2007. Banco Santander, S.A. was incorporated in 1856 and is headquartered in Madrid, Spain.;tech
SAP;SAP SE, together with its subsidiaries, provides enterprise application and business solutions worldwide. It offers SAP S/4HANA that provides software capabilities for finance, risk and project management, procurement, manufacturing, supply chain and asset management, and research and development; SAP SuccessFactors solutions for human resources, including HR, time, payroll, talent and employee experience management, and analytics and planning; and spend management solutions that covers direct and indirect spend, travel and expense, and external workforce management. The company also provides SAP customer experience solutions; SAP Business Technology platform that enables customers and partners to build, integrate, and automate applications; and SAP Business Network, a business-to-business collaboration platform that helps digitalize key business processes across the supply chain and enables communication between trading partners. In addition, it offers SAP Signavio to help customers to discover, analyze, and understand their business process operations; industry solutions that provides customers and partners with industry-specific solutions; and SAP LeanIX to visualize their as-is enterprise architecture, assess interdependencies and the potential impact of IT modernization, and manage the transition toward the target landscape with established practices and a detailed roadmap. Further, the company provides WalkMe to execute workflows across various number of applications; SAP Enable Now, which offers e-learning content embedded in SAP workflows; Taulia solutions for working capital management to help businesses create and deliver the right cash flow strategy, and the flexibility to adjust it to meet liquidity challenges; and sustainability solutions and services. Additionally, it provides services and support solutions. SAP SE was founded in 1972 and is headquartered in Walldorf, Germany.;tech
SAR;Saratoga Investment Corp. is a business development company specializing in leveraged and management buyouts, acquisition financings, growth financings, recapitalization, debt refinancing, and transitional financing transactions at the lower end of middle market companies. The fund structures its investments as debt and equity by investing through first and second lien loans, mezzanine debt, co-investments, select high yield bonds, senior secured bonds, unsecured bonds, and preferred and common equity. The fund prefers to invest in aerospace, automotive aftermarket and services, business products and services, consumer products and services, education, environmental services, industrial services, financial services, food and beverage, healthcare products and services, logistics, distribution, manufacturing, restaurants services, food services, software services, technology services, specialty chemical, media and telecommunications. The fund seeks to invest in the United States. The fund primarily invests between $5 million and $75 million in companies having EBITDA of $2 million or greater and revenues between $5 million and $250 million. The fund prefers to take a majority stake. The fund invests through direct lending as well as participation in loan syndicates.;tech
SARO;StandardAero, Inc. provides aerospace engine aftermarket services for fixed and rotary wing aircraft in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Rest of Europe, Asia, and internationally. It operates in two segments, Engine Services and Component Repair Services. The Engine Services segment provides a suite of aftermarket services, including maintenance, repair and overhaul, on-wing and field service support, asset management, and engineering and related solutions to customers in the commercial aerospace, military and helicopter, and business aviation end markets. The Component Repair Services segment offers engine component and accessory repairs to the commercial aerospace, military and helicopter, land and marine, and oil and gas end markets. The company was formerly known as Dynasty Parent Co., Inc. and changed its name to StandardAero, Inc. in September 2024. StandardAero, Inc. was founded in 1911 and is headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona.;tech
SB;Safe Bulkers, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides marine drybulk transportation services internationally. It owns and operates a fleet of dry bulk vessels for transporting bulk cargoes comprising coal, grain, and iron ore. The company's fleet consists of 46 vessels, including 8 Panamax class vessels, 13 Kamsarmax class vessels, 17 post-Panamax class vessels, and 8 Capesize class vessels with an aggregate carrying capacity of 4,641,600 deadweight tons. Safe Bulkers, Inc. was incorporated in 2007 and is based in Monaco.;tech
SBDS;Solo Brands, Inc. operates a direct-to-consumer platform that offers outdoor and lifestyle branded products in the United States. The company provides camp stoves under the Solo Stove Lite brand name; fire pits under the Solo Stove brand name; kayaks under the Oru brand name; paddle boards under the ISLE brand name; and storage solutions for fire pits, firewood, and other accessories. It offers swim trunks, casual shorts, sport products, polos, shirts, and lounge products under the Chubbies brand name; consumables, such as color packs, starters, natural charcoal, fuel, pellets, and firewood products; and accessories under the Solo Stove, Oru, and ISLE brands. Solo Brands, Inc. was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Grapevine, Texas.;tech
SBH;Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. operates as a specialty retailer and distributor of professional beauty supplies. The company operates through two segments, Sally Beauty Supply and Beauty Systems Group. The Sally Beauty Supply segment offers beauty products, including hair color and care products, skin and nail care products, styling tools, and other beauty products for retail customers, salons, and salon professionals. This segment also provides products under Wella and L'Oreal brands. The Beauty Systems Group segment offers professional beauty products, such as hair color and care products, skin and nail care products, styling tools, and other beauty items directly to salons and salon professionals through its professional-only stores, e-commerce platforms, and sales force, as well as through franchised stores under the Armstrong McCall store name. This segment also sells products under Paul Mitchell and Wella brands. It operates stores and franchised units in the United States, Puerto Rico, Canada, Mexico, Chile, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Belgium, France, the Netherlands, Spain, and Germany. The company distributes its products through full-service/exclusive distributors and open-line distributors. Sally Beauty Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1964 and is headquartered in Denton, Texas.;tech
SBI;Western Asset Intermediate Muni Fund Inc. is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Legg Mason Partners Fund Advisor, LLC. The fund is co-managed by Western Asset Management Company. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund invests in securities that provide income exempt from federal income tax. It invests primarily in investment grade municipal securities. The fund employs intensive proprietary research to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Capital 1-15 Year Municipal Bond Index. The fund was formerly known as Intermediate Muni Fund Inc. Western Asset Intermediate Muni Fund Inc. is domiciled in the United States.;tech
SBR;Sabine Royalty Trust holds royalty and mineral interests in various producing oil and gas properties in the United States. Its royalty and mineral interests include landowner's royalties, overriding royalty interests, minerals, production payments, and other similar non-participatory interest in certain producing and proved undeveloped oil and gas properties located in Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi, New Mexico, Oklahoma, and Texas. The company was founded in 1982 and is based in Dallas, Texas.;tech
SBSI;Southside Bancshares, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for Southside Bank that provides various financial services to individuals, businesses, municipal entities, and nonprofit organizations. Its deposit products include savings, money market, and interest and noninterest bearing checking accounts, as well as certificates of deposit. The company offers consumer loan services, including 1-4 family residential, home equity, home improvement, automobile, and other consumer related loans; commercial loans, such as short-term working capital loans for inventory and accounts receivable, short and medium-term loans for equipment or other business capital expansion, commercial real estate loans, and municipal loans; and construction loans for 1-4 family residential and commercial real estate. It also provides wealth management and trust services comprising investment management, administration of irrevocable, revocable, and testamentary trusts, estate administration, and custodian services for individuals, partnerships, and corporations; safe deposit services; and brokerage services. In addition, the company offers retirement and employee benefit accounts consisting of plans and profit sharing plans; and telephone, internet, and mobile banking services. The company offers various banking services through branches, drive-thru facilities, automated teller machines, and interactive teller machines. Southside Bancshares, Inc. was founded in 1960 and is headquartered in Tyler, Texas.;tech
SBXD;SilverBox Corp IV does not have significant operations. The company intends to effect a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization, or similar business combination with one or more businesses. It intends to focus for the target business in the consumer, food and agriculture, e-commerce, internet and retail, financial services and technology, media, entertainment, hospitality, business services, software, SaaS, telecommunications services and technology, industrial technology, infrastructure, and energy transition sectors. The company was incorporated in 2024 and is based in Austin, Texas.;tech
SCD;LMP Capital and Income Fund Inc. is a closed ended balanced mutual fund launched and managed by Legg Mason Partners Fund Advisor, LLC. It is co-managed by Clearbridge Investments, LLC, Western Asset Management Company Limited, and Western Asset Management Company. The fund invests in public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. It seeks to invest in securities of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund primarily invests in stocks of large-cap companies, intermediate period corporate bonds and notes rated at least A-, energy and non-energy master limited partnerships, and real estate investment trusts. It focuses on such factors as economic, market, or political conditions, fiscal and monetary policy, and security valuation to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the U.S. Aggregate Index and S&P 500 Index. It was formerly known as Salomon Brothers Capital and Income Fund Inc. LMP Capital and Income Fund Inc. was formed on November 12, 2003 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
SCHW;The Charles Schwab Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a savings and loan holding company that provides wealth management, securities brokerage, banking, asset management, custody, and financial advisory services in the United States and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Investor Services and Advisor Services. It offers brokerage accounts with equity and fixed income trading, margin lending, options trading, futures and forex trading, and cash management capabilities, including certificates of deposit; third-party mutual funds through the Mutual Fund Marketplace and Mutual Fund OneSource service, as well as mutual fund trading and clearing services to broker-dealers; exchange-traded funds; advisory solutions for managed portfolios, separately managed accounts, customized personal advice for tailored portfolios, specialized planning, and full-time portfolio management; banking products comprising checking and savings accounts, first lien residential real estate mortgage loans, home equity lines of credit, and pledged asset lines; and trust custody services, personal trust reporting services, and administrative trustee services. It provides digital retirement calculators; integrated web-, mobile-, and software-based trading platforms, real-time market data, options trading, premium research, and multi-channel access; self-service education and support tools; online research and analysis tools; equity compensation plan sponsors full-service recordkeeping for stock plans, stock options, restricted stock, performance shares, and stock appreciation rights; retirement plan services; mutual fund clearing services; and advisor services, including interactive tools and educational content. The Company operates through branch offices. The Charles Schwab Corporation was founded in 1971 and is headquartered in Westlake, Texas.;tech
SCI;Service Corporation International provides deathcare products and services in the United States and Canada. Its funeral service and cemetery operations comprise funeral service locations, cemeteries, funeral service/cemetery combination locations, crematoria, and other businesses. The company also provides professional services related to funerals and cremations, including the use of funeral home facilities and motor vehicles; arranging and directing services; and removal, preparation, embalming, cremation, memorialization, and travel protection, as well as catering services. In addition, it offers funeral merchandise, including burial caskets and related accessories, urns and other cremation receptacles, outer burial containers, flowers, online and video tributes, stationery products, casket and cremation memorialization products, and other ancillary merchandise. Further, the company's cemeteries provide cemetery property interment rights, such as developed lots, lawn crypts, mausoleum spaces, niches, and other cremation memorialization and interment options. It offers its products and services under the Dignity Memorial, Dignity Planning, National Cremation Society, Advantage Funeral and Cremation Services, Funeraria del Angel, Making Everlasting Memories, Neptune Society, and Trident Society brand names. The company was incorporated in 1962 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
SCL;Stepan Company, together with its subsidiaries, produces and sells specialty and intermediate chemicals to other manufacturers for use in various end products worldwide. It operates through three segments: Surfactants, Polymers, and Specialty Products. The Surfactants segment offers surfactants that are used in consumer and industrial cleaning and disinfection products, including detergents for washing clothes, dishes, carpets, and floors and walls, as well as shampoos and body washes; and other applications, such as fabric softeners, germicidal quaternary compounds, disinfectants, lubricating ingredients; emulsifiers for spreading agricultural products; and industrial applications comprising latex systems, plastics, and composites. The Polymers segment provides polyurethane polyols that are used in the manufacture of rigid foam for thermal insulation in the construction industry, as well as a base raw material for coatings, adhesives, sealants, and elastomers (CASE); polyester resins used in coating applications; specialty polyols, such as CASE and powdered polyester resins; and phthalic anhydride that is used in unsaturated polyester resins, alkyd resins, and plasticizers for applications in construction materials, as well as components of automotive, boating, and other consumer products. The Specialty Products segment offers flavors, emulsifiers, and solubilizers for use in food, flavoring, nutritional supplement, and pharmaceutical applications. Stepan Company was founded in 1932 and is headquartered in Northbrook, Illinois.;tech
SCM;Stellus Capital Investment Corporation is a business development company specializing in investments in private middle-market companies. It invests through first lien, second lien, unitranche, and mezzanine debt financing, often with a corresponding equity investment. The fund prefers to invest in US and Canada. The fund seeks to invest in companies with an EBITDA between $5 million and $50 million.;tech
SCS;Steelcase Inc. provides a portfolio of furniture and architectural products and services in the United States and internationally. It operates through Americas and International segments. The company's furniture portfolio includes furniture systems, seating, storage, fixed and height-adjustable desks, benches, and tables, as well as complementary products, such as work accessories, lighting, mobile power, and screens. Its seating products comprise task chairs; seating for collaborative environments and casual settings; and specialty seating for specific vertical markets, including education and healthcare. The company's interior architectural products comprise full and partial height walls and architectural pods. It also provides textiles and surface imaging products; and workplace strategy consulting, lease origination, and furniture and asset management services. The company markets and sells its products to corporate, government, healthcare, education, and retail customers under the Steelcase, AMQ, Coalesse, Designtex, HALCON, Orangebox, Smith System, and Viccarbe brands. It distributes its products and services through a network of independent and company-owned dealers, as well as directly to end-use customers. The company was incorporated in 1912 and is headquartered in Grand Rapids, Michigan.;tech
SD;SandRidge Energy, Inc. engages in the acquisition, development, and production of oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids in the United States Mid-Continent region. The company was incorporated in 2006 and is based in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.;tech
SE;Sea Limited, through its subsidiaries, operates as a consumer internet company in Southeast Asia, Latin America, the rest of Asia, and internationally. The company operates through E-commerce, Digital financial services, and Digital entertainment segments. It offers Garena, a digital entertainment platform for users to access mobile and PC online games, as well as promotes eSports operations and develops games. The company also operates the Shopee e-commerce platform, a mobile-centric marketplace that provides integrated payments, logistics infrastructure, and seller services. In addition, it offers SeaMoney digital financial services comprising consumer, and small and medium-sized enterprises (SME) credit, mobile wallets, payment processing, banking, and insurtech services under the SPayLater tradename; and acts as an underwriter for various life and non-life insurance products under the SeaInsure tradename, as well as insurance agency services. It serves buyers, such as individuals and households; and sellers, including small and medium businesses, brands, and large retailers. The company was formerly known as Garena Interactive Holding Limited and changed its name to Sea Limited in April 2017. Sea Limited was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in Singapore.;tech
SEE;Sealed Air Corporation provides packaging solutions in the United States and internationally, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and Asia Pacific. It operates through two segments: Food and Protective. The Food segment offers integrated packaging materials and automation equipment solutions to provide food safety, shelf life extension, reduce food waste, automate processes, and optimize total cost for food processors in the fresh red meat, smoked and processed meats, poultry, seafood, plant-based, fluids and liquids and cheese markets under the CRYOVAC, CRYOVAC Grip & Tear, CRYOVAC Darfresh, LIQUIBOX, Simple Steps, and Optidure brands. This segment sells its solutions directly to customers through its sales, marketing, and customer service personnel. The Protective segment provides shrink films, bagging systems, foam, inflatable, and suspension and retention packaging solutions to protect goods to e-commerce, consumer goods, pharmaceutical and medical devices, and industrial manufacturing markets under the SEALED AIR, BUBBLE WRAP, AUTOBAG, Instapak, and Korrvu brands. This segment sells its solutions through supply distributors, as well as directly to fabricators, original equipment manufacturers, contract manufacturers, logistics partners, and e-commerce/fulfillment operations. Sealed Air Corporation was incorporated in 1960 and is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina.;tech
SEG;Seaport Entertainment Group Inc. owns, develops, and operates a portfolio of entertainment and real estate assets primarily in New York City and Las Vegas. The company operates through three segments: Landlord Operations; Hospitality; and Sponsorships, Events, and Entertainment. The Landlord Operations segment engages in the holding of ownership interests in and operation of physical real estate assets, such as restaurant, retail, office, and entertainment properties, as well as residential units. The Hospitality segment operates six fine dining and casual dining restaurants, cocktail bars, and nightlife and entertainment venues under The Fulton, Mister Dips, Carne Mare, Malibu Farm, Gitano, and The Lawn Club brands; and the Tin Building, which offers restaurants, bars, grocery markets, retail, and private dining experiences. The Sponsorships, Events, and Entertainment segment includes the Las Vegas Aviators Triple-A Minor League Baseball team, the Las Vegas Ballpark, the Fashion Show Mall Air Rights, Seaport events, and concerts, as well as various sponsorship agreements across the Seaport and the Las Vegas Ballpark. Seaport Entertainment Group Inc. was incorporated in 2024 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
SEI;Solaris Energy Infrastructure, Inc. provides mobile and scalable equipment-based solutions for use in distributed power generation and management of raw materials used in the completion of oil and natural gas wells in the United States. The company operates in Solaris Power Solutions and Solaris Logistics Solutions segments. The Solaris Power Solutions segment offers configurable all-electric natural gas-powered mobile turbines and ancillary equipment to data center, energy, exploration and production, oilfield services, and other commercial and industrial sector customers. The Solaris Logistics Solutions segment designs and manufactures specialized equipment; and offers field technician support, last mile, and mobilization logistics services, as well as provides software solutions to oil and natural gas operators and their suppliers. The company was formerly known as Solaris Oilfield Infrastructure, Inc. and changed its name to Solaris Energy Infrastructure, Inc. in September 2024. Solaris Energy Infrastructure, Inc. was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
SEM;Select Medical Holdings Corporation, through its subsidiaries, operates critical illness recovery hospitals, rehabilitation hospitals, and outpatient rehabilitation clinics in the United States. It operates through three segments: Critical Illness Recovery Hospital, Rehabilitation Hospital, and Outpatient Rehabilitation. The Critical Illness Recovery Hospital segment consists of hospitals that provide services for heart failure, infectious disease, respiratory failure and pulmonary disease, surgery requiring prolonged recovery, renal disease, neurological events, and trauma. Its Rehabilitation Hospital segment offers therapy and rehabilitation treatments, including rehabilitative services for brain and spinal cord injuries, strokes, amputations, neurological disorders, orthopedic conditions, pediatric congenital or acquired disabilities, and cancer. The Outpatient Rehabilitation segment operates rehabilitation clinics that provide physical, occupational, and speech rehabilitation programs and services; and specialized programs, such as functional programs for work related injuries, hand therapy, pelvic health rehabilitation, post-concussion rehabilitation, pediatric and cancer rehabilitation, and athletic training services. Select Medical Holdings Corporation was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania.;tech
SEMR;Semrush Holdings, Inc. develops an online visibility management software-as-a-service platform in the United States, the United Kingdom, and internationally. The company enables companies to identify and reach the right audience for their content through the right channels. Its platform enables the company's customers to understand trends and act upon insights to improve online visibility, and drive traffic to their websites and social media pages, as well as online listings, distribute targeted content to their customers, and measure the effectiveness of their digital marketing campaigns. The company serves small and midsize businesses, enterprises, and marketing agencies, including consumer internet, digital media, education, financial services, healthcare, retail, software, telecommunications, and others. Semrush Holdings, Inc. was founded in 2008 and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts.;tech
SES;SES AI Corporation develops and produces AI enhanced lithium metal and lithium ion rechargeable battery technologies for electric vehicles, urban air mobility, drones, robotics, battery energy storage systems, and other applications. It manufactures and sells li metal battery cells and battery materials, such as electrolytes for automotive original equipment manufacturers. SES AI Corporation operates in the United States and the Asia Pacific region. The company was founded in 2012 and is headquartered in Woburn, Massachusetts.;tech
SF;Stifel Financial Corp. operates as the bank holding company for Stifel, Nicolaus & Company, Incorporated that provides retail and institutional wealth management, and investment banking services to individual investors, corporations, municipalities, and institutions in the United States and internationally. It operates in three segments: Global Wealth Management, Institutional Group, and Other. The company provides private client services, including securities transaction and financial planning services; securities brokerage services, such as the sale of equities, mutual funds, fixed income products, and insurance; institutional equity and fixed income sales, trading and research, and municipal finance services; investment banking services, such as mergers and acquisitions, public offerings, and private placements; and retail and commercial banking services comprising personal and commercial lending programs, as well as deposit accounts. It participates in and manages underwritings for corporate and public finance; and offers financial advisory and securities brokerage services. The company was founded in 1890 and is headquartered in Saint Louis, Missouri.;tech
SFBS;ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for ServisFirst Bank that provides various banking services to individual and corporate customers. It accepts demand, time, savings, and other deposits; checking, money market, and IRA accounts; and certificates of deposit. The company's loan products include commercial lending products, including seasonal, bridge, and term loans for working capital, expansion of the business, acquisition of property, and plant and equipment, as well as commercial lines of credit; commercial real estate loans, 1-4 family residential real estate loans, and construction, and development loans; and consumer loans, such as home equity loans, vehicle financing, loans secured by deposits, and secured and unsecured personal loans. It also offers other banking products and services comprising telephone and mobile banking, Internet banking, direct deposit, traveler's checks, safe deposit boxes, attorney trust accounts, automatic account transfers, automated teller machines, and debit and credit card systems; treasury and cash management services; wire transfer, night depository, banking-by-mail, and remote capture services; and correspondent banking services to other financial institutions. In addition, the company holds and manages participations in residential mortgages and commercial real estate loans originated by ServisFirst Bank in Alabama, Florida, Georgia, and Tennessee. The company was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama.;tech
SFL;SFL Corporation Ltd., a maritime and offshore asset owning and chartering company, engages in the ownership, operation, and chartering out of vessels and offshore related assets on medium and long-term charters. The company operates in various sectors of the maritime, and shipping and offshore industries, including oil transportation, dry bulk shipments, oil products transportation, container transportation, car transportation, and drilling rigs. As of December 31, 2024, the company owned 18 tankers, 15 dry bulk carriers, 29 container vessels, seven car carriers, and two drilling rigs. It primarily operates in Bermuda, Canada, Cyprus, Liberia, Namibia, Norway, Singapore, the United Kingdom, and the Marshall Islands. The company was formerly known as Ship Finance International Limited and changed its name to SFL Corporation Ltd. in September 2019. SFL Corporation Ltd. was incorporated in 2003 and is based in Hamilton, Bermuda.;tech
SG;Sweetgreen, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates fast food restaurants serving healthy food and beverages in the United States. It also accepts orders through its online and mobile ordering platforms, as well as sells gift cards that do not have an expiration date and can be redeemed. The company was founded in 2006 and is headquartered in Los Angeles, California.;tech
SGHC;Super Group (SGHC) Limited operates as an online sports betting and gaming operator. The company offers Betway, an online sports betting and casino offering; and Spin, a multi-brand online casino. It operates in Africa, the Middle East, the Asia-Pacific, Europe, North America, and South/Latin America. Super Group (SGHC) Limited is based in Saint Peter Port, Guernsey.;tech
SGI;Somnigroup International Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, distributes, and retails bedding products in the United States and internationally. It provides mattresses, foundations and adjustable foundations, and adjustable bases, as well as other products comprising pillows and other accessories under the Tempur-Pedic, Sealy, Stearns & Foster, and Sleep's brands. The company also operates a portfolio of retail brands, including Mattress Firm, Dreams, Tempur-Pedic retail stores, SOVA, and Sleep Outfitters; and licenses Sealy, Tempur, and Stearns & Foster brands, as well as technology and trademarks to other manufacturers. It sells its products through company-owned stores, online, and call centers; and third-party retailers, including third party distribution, hospitality, and healthcare. The company was formerly known as Tempur Sealy International, Inc. and changed its name to Somnigroup International Inc. in February 2025. Somnigroup International Inc. was founded in 1846 and is based in Lexington, Kentucky.;tech
SGU;Star Group, L.P., together with its subsidiaries, provides home heating oil and propane products and services to residential and commercial customers in the United States. It offers gasoline and diesel fuel; and installs, maintain, and repairs heating and air conditioning equipment. As of September 30, 2024, the company served approximately 404,600 full service residential and commercial home heating oil and propane customers and 61,700 customers on a delivery only basis. It sells gasoline and diesel fuel to approximately 26,800 customers. The company was formerly known as Star Gas Partners, L.P. and changed its name to Star Group, L.P. in October 2017. The company was incorporated in 1995 and is based in Stamford, Connecticut.;tech
SHCO;Soho House & Co Inc. operates a global membership platform of physical and digital spaces that connects a group of members in the United Kingdom, the Americas, Europe, and internationally. The company helps the members to use the platform to work, socialize, connect, create, have fun, and drive a positive change worldwide. It also offers food and beverage, accommodation, and spa products and treatments, as well as hotel accommodation services; and sells goods and services, including spas and cinema properties. The company was formerly known as Membership Collective Group Inc. and changed its name to Soho House & Co Inc. in March 2023. Soho House & Co Inc. was founded in 1995 and is based in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
SHEL;Shell plc operates as an energy and petrochemical company Europe, Asia, Oceania, Africa, the United States, and other Americas. It operates through Integrated Gas; Upstream; Marketing; Chemicals and Products; and Renewables and Energy Solutions segments. The company explores for and extracts natural gas to produce liquefied natural gas or convert into gas-to-liquids products; explores for and extracts crude oil and natural gas liquids; and operates upstream and midstream infrastructure to deliver gas to market. It is also involved in marketing supplies fuels and lubricants for transport, manufacturing, mining, power generation, agriculture, and construction industries; operates electric vehicle charging and convenience retail; turn crude oil and other feedstocks into products for households, industry, and transport; trades crude oil, oil products, and petrochemicals; and oil sand activities. In addition, the company generates, markets, and trades power from wind, solar and pipeline gas; hydrogen production and marketing; commercial carbon capture and storage hubs; carbon credits and nature-based solutions; and provides heavy-duty LNG-fuelled trucks. Further, it offers base chemicals, including ethylene, propylene, and aromatics, as well as intermediate chemicals, such as styrene monomer, propylene oxide, solvents, linear alpha olefins, detergent alcohols, ethylene oxide, ethylene glycol, and polyethylene. The company was formerly known as Royal Dutch Shell plc and changed its name to Shell plc in January 2022. Shell plc was founded in 1897 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
SHG;Shinhan Financial Group Co., Ltd. provides financial products and services in South Korea and internationally. The company operates in six segments: Commercial Banking, Credit Card, Securities, Insurance, Credit, and Others. It offers retail banking services, including demand, savings, and fixed deposit-taking; checking accounts; mortgage and home equity, and retail lending; electronic banking and automatic teller machines (ATM); and bill paying, payroll and check-cashing, currency exchange, and wire fund transfer services. The company also provides corporate banking services, such as investment banking, real estate financing, overseas real estate and development project financing, infrastructure and structured financing, equity/venture investments, and mergers and acquisitions consulting; securitization and derivatives services comprising securities and derivative products, and foreign exchange trading; business expansion financing and consulting services; and working capital loans and facilities loans. In addition, it is involved in treasury and investment activities in international capital markets consisting of foreign currency-denominated securities trading, foreign exchange trading and services, trade-related financial services, international factoring services, and foreign banking operations. Further, the company offers real estate trust, investment advisory, venture business investment, life and non-life insurance, trust account management, securities brokerage, and asset management services. Additionally, it provides transaction history inquiries and fund transfers, opening letters of credit, trade finance, payment and collection management, sales and acquisition settlement, business-to-business settlement, sweeping, pooling, ERP interface, host-to-host banking, SWIFT SCORE, and cash and liquidity management service. The company was founded in 1982 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.;tech
SHOC;The index is a subset of a float-adjusted capitalization weighted index of equity securities covering approximately the largest 99% of the free-float market capitalization in the U.S. stock market stock market. Under normal circumstances, at least 80% of the fund’s total assets (exclusive of collateral held from securities lending) will be invested in U.S. semiconductor companies. It is non-diversified.;tech
SHW;The Sherwin-Williams Company engages in the development, manufacture, distribution, and sale of paint, coatings, and related products to professional, industrial, commercial and retail customers. It operates through three segments: Paint Stores Group, Consumer Brands Group, and Performance Coatings Group. The Paint Stores Group segment offers architectural paint and coatings; protective and marine products; and OEM product finishes and related products for architectural and industrial paint contractors, and do-it-yourself homeowners under the Sherwin-Williams brand. The Consumer Brands Group segment supplies a portfolio of branded and private-label architectural paints, stains, varnishes, industrial products, wood finishes products, wood preservatives, applicators, corrosion inhibitors, aerosols, caulks, and adhesives to retailers, including home centers and hardware stores, and dedicated dealers and distributors. The Performance Coatings Group segment develops and sells industrial coatings for wood finishing and general industrial applications; automotive refinish products; protective and marine coatings; coil coatings; packaging coatings; and performance-based resins and colorants. This segment serves retailers, dealers, jobbers, licensees, and other third-party distributors. The company has operations in the North and South America, the Caribbean, Europe, Asia, and Australia. The Sherwin-Williams Company was founded in 1866 and is headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio.;tech
SID;Companhia Siderúrgica Nacional operates as an integrated steel producer in Brazil and Latin America. The company operates through five segments: Steel Industry, Mining, Logistics, Energy, and Cement. The company offers flat steel products, such as hot and cold rolled, galvanized, galvalume, pre-painted, and metal sheets products; coil, sheets, and derivatives; tiles and derivatives, pipes, and profiles; long steel products; food and chemical packaging solutions; and carbochemical products. The company also provides steel cutting services; produces and sells cement; operates railways; and generates electric power from its hydroelectric power plants. In addition, the company explores for iron ore reserves at Casa de Pedra and Engenho mines located in the city of Congonhas; as well as produces tin. Companhia Siderúrgica Nacional was founded in 1941 and is headquartered in São Paulo, Brazil.;tech
SIG;Signet Jewelers Limited operates as a diamond jewelry retailer. It operates through three segments: North America, International, and Other. The North America segment operates jewelry stores in malls, mall-based kiosks, and off-mall locations in the United States and Canada primarily under the Kay Jewelers, Zales Jewelers, Jared Jewelers, Diamonds Direct, Banter by Piercing Pagoda, Peoples Jewellers, and Rocksbox brands, as well as operates online through its digital brands, James Allen and Blue Nile. The International segment operates stores in shopping malls, off-mall locations, and online primarily under the H.Samuel and Ernest Jones brands in the United Kingdom and the Republic of Ireland. The Other segment engages in the purchase and conversion of rough diamonds to polished stones, as well as offers diamond polishing services. Signet Jewelers Limited was founded in 1862 and is based in Hamilton, Bermuda.;tech
SITC;SITE Centers is an owner and manager of open-air shopping centers located primarily in suburban, high household income communities. The Company is a self-administered and self-managed REIT operating as a fully integrated real estate company, and is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol SITC.;tech
SITE;SiteOne Landscape Supply, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the wholesale distribution of landscape supplies in the United States and Canada. The company provides irrigation products, including controllers, valves, sprinkler heads, irrigation pipes, micro irrigation, and drip products; fertilizer, grass seed, and ice melt products; control products, such as herbicides, fungicides, rodenticides, and other pesticides; hardscapes, which includes pavers, natural stones, blocks, and other durable materials; landscape accessories that include mulches, soil amendments, drainage pipes, tools, and sods; nursery goods, which consist of deciduous and evergreen shrubs, ornamental, shade, evergreen trees, field grown and container-grown nursery stock, roses, perennials, annuals, bulbs, and plant species and cultivars; and outdoor lighting products that include lighting fixtures, LED lamps, wires, transformers, and accessories. It also offers consultative services consisting of assistance with irrigation project take-offs, commercial project planning, generation of sales leads, business operations, and product support services, as well as a series of technical and business management seminars; and distributes branded products of third parties. In addition, the company provides plant varieties under the Portfolio brand; and natural stone under the Solstice brand name. The company offers its products under the LESCO, SiteOne Green Tech, and Pro-Trade brand names. It markets its products primarily to residential and commercial landscape professionals who specializes in the design, installation, and maintenance of lawns, gardens, golf courses, and other outdoor spaces through branch network and direct distribution. SiteOne Landscape Supply, Inc. was incorporated in 2013 and is headquartered in Roswell, Georgia.;tech
SJM;The J. M. Smucker Company manufactures and markets branded food and beverage products worldwide. The company operates through four segments: U.S. Retail Coffee, U.S. Retail Frozen Handheld and Spreads, U.S. Retail Pet Foods, and Sweet Baked Snacks. It offers coffee, sweet baked goods, pet snacks, frozen handheld products, peanut butter, cat and dog food, fruit and specialty spreads, cookies, frozen sandwiches and snacks, hot beverages, portion control products, toppings and syrups, baking mixes and ingredients, and flour. The company provides its products under the Folgers, Café Bustelo, Dunkin', Jif, Smucker's, Smucker's Uncrustables, Meow Mix, Milk-Bone, Pup-Peroni, Canine Carry Outs, Hostess, 1850, Robin Hood, and Five Roses brands. The company sells its products through direct sales and brokers to food retailers, club stores, discount and dollar stores, online retailers, pet specialty stores, distributors, drug stores, military commissaries, mass merchandisers, supermarket chains, national mass retailers, convenience stores, vending channels, and foodservice distributors and operators. The J. M. Smucker Company was founded in 1897 and is headquartered in Orrville, Ohio.;tech
SKE;Skeena Resources Limited engages in the exploration and development of mineral properties in Canada. The company explores for gold, silver, and copper deposits. Its flagship property is the Eskay Creek project, which consists of 51 mineral claims and eight mineral leases covering an area of approximately 7,666.02 hectares located in the Golden Triangle region of British Columbia. The company was formerly known as Prolific Resources Ltd. and changed its name to Skeena Resources Limited in June 1990. Skeena Resources Limited was incorporated in 1979 and is based in Vancouver, Canada.;tech
SKIL;Skillsoft Corp. provides personalized, interactive learning experiences, and enterprise-ready solutions in the United States, Other Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia-Pacific. It operates in two segments, Talent Development Solutions and Global Knowledge. The Talent Development Solutions segment offers an artificial intelligence (AI)-led, interactive, and multi-modal experience technology learning brand, as well as outcome-based learning through benchmarks, enterprise grade security and integrations, and extensive coverage of topics across business, technology, and compliance skills. This segment also offers Percipio, an AI-driven platform that integrates content from leading partners to enable clients to achieve their strategic outcomes. The Global Knowledge segment provides virtual, in-classroom, and on-demand training solutions geared at foundational, practitioner, and expert information technology professionals. This segment also provides authorized content from various partners, which provides professional certifications for individuals that successfully complete all requirements. The company markets and sells its products to enterprises, government agencies, and educational institutions. Skillsoft Corp. was incorporated in 2019 and is based in Nashua, New Hampshire.;tech
SKLZ;Skillz Inc. operates a mobile game platform in the United States, Israel, China, Malta, and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Skillz an Aarki. It offers eSports gaming platform, which enables game developers to monetize content through multi-player competition. The company provides advertising solutions for mobile app developers. It distributes games through direct app download from its website, as well as through third-party platforms. Skillz Inc. was founded in 2012 and is based in Las Vegas, Nevada.;tech
SKM;SK Telecom Co., Ltd. engages in the provision of wireless telecommunication services in South Korea. The company operates through three segments: Cellular Services, Fixed-Line Telecommunications Services, and Other Businesses. The Cellular Services segment offers wireless voice and data transmission, Internet of Things solutions, platform, cloud, smart factory solutions, subscription, advertising and curated shopping under T Deal brand name, and metaverse platform-based services, as well as sells wireless devices. Its Fixed-Line Telecommunications Services segment provides fixed-line telephone services; broadband Internet services; media platform services, such as Internet protocol TV and cable TV; and business communications services. The Other Businesses segment offers T-commerce services, as well as portal services under Nate brand name. In addition, it provides call center management, base station maintenance, information gathering and consulting, database and internet website, and broadcasting programs; manufactures non-memory and other electronic integrated circuits; international telecommunication and mobile; and operates information and communications facilities, and mobile virtual network, as well as engages in telecommunications and communication device retail business. SK Telecom Co., Ltd. was incorporated in 1984 and is based in Seoul, South Korea.;tech
SKT;Tanger Inc. (NYSE: SKT) is a leading owner and operator of outlet and open-air retail shopping destinations, with over 44 years of expertise in the retail and outlet shopping industries. Tanger's portfolio of 37 outlet centers and three open-air lifestyle centers includes 16 million square feet well positioned across tourist destinations and vibrant markets in 21 U.S. states and Canada. A publicly traded REIT since 1993, Tanger continues to innovate the retail experience for its shoppers with over 3,000 stores operated by more than 700 different brand name companies. Tanger is furnishing a Form 8-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) that includes a supplemental information package for the quarter ended June 30, 2025.;tech
SKY;Champion Homes, Inc. produces and sells factory-built housing in the United States and Canada. The company offers manufactured and modular homes, park models recreational vehicles and cabins, accessory dwelling units, commercial structures, and modular buildings for the single and multi-family markets. It builds homes under the Champion Homes, Genesis Homes, Skyline Homes, Regional Homes, Athens Park, Dutch Housing, Atlantic Homes, Excel Homes, Homes of Merit, New Era, J. Redman Homes, ScotBilt Homes, Shore Park, Silvercrest, and Titan Homes in the United States; and Moduline and SRI Homes brand names in western Canada. The company also provides construction services to install and set-up factory-built homes under the Champion Construction brand; operates a factory-direct manufactured home retail business under the Regional Homes, Titan Factory Direct, and Champion Homes Center brand names; and offers transportation services to manufactured housing and other industries. The company was formerly known as Skyline Champion Corporation and changed its name to Champion Homes, Inc. in August 2024. The company was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in Troy, Michigan.;tech
SKYH;Sky Harbour Group Corporation operates as an aviation infrastructure development company in the United States. The company develops, leases, and manages general aviation hangars for business aircraft. Its home basing hangar campuses includes private and semi-private hangars, as well as a suite of services for home based and transient aircraft. The company is based in White Plains, New York.;tech
SLB;Schlumberger Limited engages in the provision of technology for the energy industry worldwide. The company operates through four divisions: Digital & Integration, Reservoir Performance, Well Construction, and Production Systems. The company provides field development and hydrocarbon production, carbon management, and integration of adjacent energy systems; reservoir interpretation and data processing services for exploration data; and well construction and production improvement services and products. It also offers subsurface geology and fluids evaluation information; stimulation services to restore or enhance well productivity through hydraulic fracturing, matrix stimulation, and water treatment; and intervention services to oil and gas operators. In addition, the company offers mud logging, directional drilling, measurement-while-drilling, and logging-while-drilling services, as well as engineering support services; supplies drilling fluid systems; designs, manufactures, and markets roller cone and fixed cutter drill bits; bottom-hole-assembly and borehole enlargement technologies; well planning, well drilling, engineering, supervision, logistics, procurement, and contracting of third parties, as well as drilling rig management solutions; and drilling equipment and services, as well as land drilling rigs and related services. Further, it provides artificial lift; supplies packers, safety valves, sand control technology, and various intelligent systems; midstream production systems; valves, chokes, actuators, and surface trees; and OneSubsea, an integrated solutions, products, systems, and services, including wellheads, subsea trees, manifolds and flowline connectors, control systems, connectors, and services. The company was formerly known as Socie´te´ de Prospection E´lectrique. Schlumberger Limited was founded in 1926 and is based in Houston, Texas.;tech
SLF;Sun Life Financial Inc., a financial services company, provides asset management, wealth, insurance and health solutions to individual and institutional customers in Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Hong Kong, the Philippines, Japan, Indonesia, India, China, Australia, Singapore, Vietnam, Malaysia, and Bermuda. It offers various insurance products, such as term and permanent life; personal health, which includes prescription drugs, dental, and vision care; critical illness; long-term care; and disability. The company also provides investments products, such as mutual funds, segregated funds, annuities, and guaranteed investment products; financial planning and retirement planning services; and asset management products, including pooled funds, institutional portfolios and pension funds. The company was formerly known as Sun Life Financial Services of Canada Inc. and changed its name to Sun Life Financial Inc. in July 2003. Sun Life Financial Inc. was founded in 1871 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.;tech
SLGN;Silgan Holdings Inc., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells rigid packaging solutions for consumer goods products in the United States and internationally. It operates through three segments: Dispensing and Specialty Closures, Metal Containers, and Custom Containers. The company offers integrated dispensing packaging solutions, and proprietary metal and plastic specialty closures, as well as capping/sealing equipment and detection systems for fragrance and beauty, food, beverage, personal and health care, home care and lawn and garden markets. It also provides steel and aluminum containers used by processors and packagers for food products, such as pet food, vegetables and fruits, soup, proteins, and other miscellaneous food products, as well as general line metal containers for products, including promotional products. In addition, the company offers custom designed high density polyethylene, and polyethylene terephthalate, containers; thermoformed barrier and non-barrier bowls, and trays for shelf-stable food products; and plastic closures, caps, sifters and fitments for food and household products. It markets its products primarily through direct sales force, as well as through a network of distributors, and an online shopping catalog. The company was founded in 1987 and is headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut.;tech
SLQT;SelectQuote, Inc. operates a technology-enabled, direct-to-consumer distribution and engagement platform that sells insurance policies and healthcare services in the United States. The company operates through three segments: Senior, Healthcare Services, and Life. It offers medicare advantage, medicare supplement, medicare part D, and other ancillary senior health insurance-related products, as well as engages in lead generation business; term life, final expense, and other ancillary products; non-commercial auto and home, property, and casualty insurance products. The company also provides SelectRx, a patient-centered pharmacy; Healthcare Select, which uses data from personal health risk and lifestyle assessment; HomeTM (PCPH), an accredited pharmacy; SelectPatient Management (SPM), a platform that helps patients navigate their chronic conditions and manage them using a treatment plan; and individual automobile and homeowners' insurance. SelectQuote, Inc. was incorporated in 1999 and is headquartered in Overland Park, Kansas.;tech
SLVM;Sylvamo Corporation produces and markets uncoated freesheet for cutsize, offset paper, and pulp in Europe, Latin America, and North America. The company offers copy, tinted, and colored laser printing paper under REY Adagio and Pro-Design brands; and graphic and high-speed inkjet printing papers under the brand Jetstar; and produces paper used for office printing, business forms, digital printing, offset for printing books, and others, as well as products under the Multicopy brand names. It also supplies uncoated freesheet paper under Chamex, Chamequinho and Chambril brands. In addition, the company provides imaging, commercial printing, and converting papers; copy paper for use in copiers, desktop and laser printers and digital imaging; and uncoated papers under Hammermill, Springhill, Williamsburg, Accent, DRM and Postmark brand names. Further, it operates integrated mills and non-integrated mills. It distributes its products to end users and converters through including retail, merchants, e-commerce, agents, resellers, and paper distributors. The company was founded in 1898 and is based in Memphis, Tennessee.;tech
SM;SM Energy Company, an independent energy company, engages in the acquisition, exploration, development, and production of oil, gas, and natural gas liquids in the state of Texas. It has working interests in oil and gas producing wells in the Midland Basin and South Texas. The company was formerly known as St. Mary Land & Exploration Company and changed its name to SM Energy Company in May 2010. SM Energy Company was founded in 1908 and is headquartered in Denver, Colorado.;tech
SMBK;SmartFinancial, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for SmartBank that provides various financial services to individuals and corporate customers in Tennessee, Alabama, and Florida. The company accepts various deposits, including noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing checking, savings, money market, and individual retirement accounts, as well as certificates of deposit. It also provides commercial and residential real estate, consumer real estate, and construction and land development loans; commercial and financial loans and leases; commercial business and mortgage loans; direct consumer installment, educational, agriculture, and other revolving credit loans; equipment financing, heavy equipment, semis, and trailers loans and leases to small and medium sized businesses; letters of credit; and overdraft facilities. In addition, the company offers wealth management, insurance, mortgage origination, and internet and mobile banking services. SmartFinancial, Inc. is headquartered in Knoxville, Tennessee.;tech
SMC;Summit Midstream Corporation focuses on owning, developing, and operating midstream energy infrastructure assets primarily shale formations in the continental United States. The company operates through Rockies, Permian, Piceance, Mid-Con, and Northeast segments. It owns, develops, and operates natural gas, crude oil, produced water gathering systems, and transmission pipelines. The company serves natural gas and crude oil producers. Summit Midstream Corporation was founded in 2009 and is based in Houston, Texas.;tech
SMFG;Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides banking, leasing, securities, consumer finance, and other services in Japan, the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Asia, and Oceania. It operates through four segments; The wholesale Business Unit, Retail Business Unit, Global Business Unit, and Global Markets Business Unit. The Wholesale Business Unit segment offers bilateral loans, syndicated loans, commitment lines, structured finance, project finance, and nonrecourse loans; deposits and investment trusts; risk hedging services, including forward exchange contracts and derivatives; stand-by credit, performance bond and credit guarantee services; remittance, cash management, trade finance, and supply chain finance services; merger and acquisition, and other advisory services; digital services; and equipment, operating and leveraged leasing services. The Retail Business Unit segment provides wealth management services, such as time deposits and foreign currency deposits, investment trusts, equities, bonds, insurance products, and trust services; credit card, installment, and transaction services; and consumer finance and housing loans. The Global Business Unit segment offers loans, deposits, clearing services, trade finance, project finance, loan syndication, derivatives, and global cash management services; equity and fixed income sales and trading, and underwriting services; and construction machinery, transportation equipment, industrial machinery, medical equipment, and other leasing services. The Global Markets Business Unit segment provides asset liability management and portfolio management, foreign currency funding, and sales and trading services. The company offers system development, data processing, management consulting, economic research, and asset management services. Sumitomo Mitsui Financial Group, Inc. was incorporated in 2002 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.;tech
SMG;The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the manufacture, marketing, and sale of products for lawn, garden care, and indoor and hydroponic gardening in the United States and internationally. It provides lawn care products, comprising lawn fertilizers, grass seed products, spreaders, and other durable products, as well as lawn-related weed, pest, and disease control products; and gardening and landscape products, which include water-soluble and continuous-release plant foods, potting mixes, garden soils, mulches and ground cover products, plant-related pest and disease control products, organic garden products, and live goods and seeding solutions. It also offers hydroponic products that help users to grow plants, flowers, and vegetables using little or no soil; lighting systems and components for use in hydroponic and indoor gardening applications; insect, rodent, and weed control products for home areas; and non-selective weed killer products. The company sells its products under the Scotts, Turf Builder, Grower's Edge, EZ Seed, PatchMaster, Thick'R Lawn, GrubEx, EdgeGuard, Whirl, Wizz, Miracle-Gro, LiquaFeed, Shake N Feed, Hyponex, Earthgro, Miracle-Gro Organic, CAN-FAN, CAN-FILTERS, EcoPlus, Bug B Gon, Nature Scapes, Ortho, Miracle-Gro Performance Organics, Miracle-Gro Organic Choice, Whitney Farms, Ortho Max, Home Defense, Mother Earth, Botanicare, General Hydroponics, CYCO, Gavita, Agrolux, HydroLogic Purification System, Gro Pro, AeroGarden, Titan, Tomcat, Ortho Weed B Gon, Roundup, Groundclear, and Alchemist brands. It serves home centers, mass merchandisers, warehouse clubs, large hardware chains, independent hardware stores, nurseries, garden centers, e-commerce platforms, and food and drug stores, as well as indoor gardening and hydroponic distributors, retailers, and growers. The company was formerly known as The Scotts Company. The Scotts Miracle-Gro Company was founded in 1868 and is headquartered in Marysville, Ohio.;tech
SMHI;SEACOR Marine Holdings Inc. provides marine and support transportation services to offshore oil, natural gas, and windfarm facilities in the United States, Africa, Europe, the Middle East, Asia, and Latin America. The company's offshore support and specialty vessels deliver cargo and personnel to offshore installations, including offshore wind farms; handle anchors and mooring equipment for offshore rigs and platforms; assist offshore operations for production and storage facilities; provide construction, well work-over, and offshore wind farm installation and decommissioning support; and carry and launch equipment used underwater in drilling and well installation, maintenance, inspection, and repair, as well as offer accommodations for technicians and specialists, safety support, and emergency response services. As of December 31, 2024, the company operated a fleet of 54 support vessels, of which 51 were owned or leased-in, and three were managed on behalf of unaffiliated third parties. It serves integrated national and international oil companies, independent oil and natural gas exploration and production companies, and oil field service and construction companies, as well as offshore wind farm operators and offshore wind farm installation and maintenance companies. SEACOR Marine Holdings Inc. was founded in 1989 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
SMP;Standard Motor Products, Inc. manufactures and distributes replacement automotive parts in the United States and internationally. The company operates through four segments: Vehicle Control, Temperature Control, Nissens Automotive, and Engineered Solutions. It provides ignition, emissions, and fuel delivery systems, such as air injection and induction components, air management valves, regulators and solenoids, exhaust gas recirculation components, fuel injectors and components, fuel valves, ignition coils, connectors and sockets, modules, pumps, relays and fuses, starting and charging system parts, and vapor and purge components. The company also offers electrical switches and actuators; anti-lock brake and vehicle speed sensors, fluid level sensors, and pressure sensors comprising tire pressure monitoring, temperature sensors, advanced driver assistance systems sensors, battery cables, pigtails, and sockets; electrical wire, terminals, connectors, and tools for servicing a vehicle's electrical system; and spark plug, coil on plug boots, and ignition system accessories. In addition, it offers compressors, air conditioning repair kits, connecting lines, heat exchangers, and expansion devices; other thermal components; electric water pumps, condensers, electronics, turbochargers and intercoolers, and related components, as well as radiators and oil coolers, tanks, and fan clutches; and blowers, evaporators, expansion valves, and heaters. Further, it provides thermal management products, sensors, switches, power distribution, electrification and electronics, injections, and clamping devices for commercial and light vehicles, construction, agriculture, power sports, marine, hydraulics, and lawn and garden sectors. It serves retailers, warehouse distributors, original equipment manufacturers and their suppliers, system integrators, and original equipment service part manufacturers. The company was founded in 1919 and is headquartered in Long Island City, New York.;tech
SMR;NuScale Power Corporation provides small modular reactor technology solutions. It offers NuScale Power Module (NPM), a water reactor that can generate 77 megawatts of electricity (MWe). The company was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Corvallis, Oregon.;tech
SMRT;SmartRent, Inc., an enterprise real estate technology company, provides management software and applications to rental property owners and operators, property managers, homebuilders, developers, and residents in the United States and internationally. Its smart building hardware and cloud-based software-as-a-service solutions are designed to enhance visibility and control their real estate assets while providing all-in-one home control offerings for residents. The company's products and solutions include smart apartments and homes, access control for buildings, common areas, rental units, community and resident Wi-Fi, asset protection and monitoring, parking management, and self-guided tours. It also offers professional services to customers, which include training, installation, and support services. The company was founded in 2017 and is headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona.;tech
SMWB;Similarweb Ltd. provides digital data and analytics for power critical business decisions in the United States, Europe, the Asia Pacific, the United Kingdom, Israel, and internationally. The company offers web intelligence solutions for its customers to benchmark performance against competitors, analyze trends in the market, conduct deeper research into specific companies, and analyze audience behavior; and solutions for its customers to understand their competitors' digital acquisition strategies in various marketing channel, and optimize their own strategies. It also provides app intelligence that allows its customers to identify trends and monitor usage and retention, user reviews, audience behavior, and overall sentiment, as well as to benchmark performance against competitors across the funnel from app store downloads to usage and stickiness; sales intelligence solutions for its customers to access relevant buying signals and digital insights of their customers to generate leads quickly; and shopper intelligence solutions to analyze a view of their customers' digital journeys, monitor consumer demand, increase brand visibility in the search process, and optimize category and product level conversion in the purchase process. In addition, the company offers stock intelligence solutions for its customers to access an end-to-end view of market, sector, or company performance to ideate and monitor investment opportunities; forecast market performance; and perform due diligence. Further, it provides data-as-a-service, bespoke data set, and advisory services. The company serves retail, consumer packaged goods, consumer finance, consultancies, marketing and advertising agencies, media and publishers, business-to-business software, payment processors, travel, and institutional investors, as well as luxury and premium consumer brands. Similarweb Ltd. was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in Givatayim, Israel.;tech
SN;SharkNinja, Inc., a product design and technology company, engages in the provision of various solutions for consumers in the United States, China, and internationally. It offers cleaning appliances, including corded and cordless vacuums, such as handheld and robotic vacuums, as well as other floorcare products comprising steam mops, wet/dry cleaning floor products, and carpet extraction; and cooking and beverage appliances, such as air fryers, multi-cookers, outdoor and countertop grills and ovens, coffee systems, carbonation, cookware, cutlery, kettles, and toasters and bakeware products. The company also provides food preparation appliances, which include blenders, food processors, ice cream makers, juicers, and frozen drink appliances and coolers; haircare and skincare beauty appliances, as well as home environment products comprising air purifiers and fans. It sells its products through traditional brick-and-mortar retail channels and e-commerce channels, distributors, and direct-to-consumer channels under Shark and Ninja brands. SharkNinja, Inc. was incorporated in 2017 and is headquartered in Needham, Massachusetts.;tech
SNA;Snap-on Incorporated manufactures and markets tools, equipment, diagnostics, and repair information and systems solutions for professional users worldwide. It operates through Commercial & Industrial Group, Snap-on Tools Group, Repair Systems & Information Group, and Financial Services segments. The company provides hand tools, including wrenches, sockets, ratchet wrenches, pliers, screwdrivers, punches and chisels, saws and cutting tools, pruning tools, torque measuring instruments, and other related products; power tools, such as cordless, pneumatic, and hydraulic and corded tools; and tool storage products comprising tool chests, roll cabinets, and other products. It also offers handheld and computer-based diagnostic products, service and repair information products, diagnostic software solutions, electronic parts catalogs, business management systems and services, point-of-sale systems, integrated systems for vehicle service shops, original equipment manufacturer purchasing facilitation services, and warranty management systems and analytics; and engineered solutions. In addition, the company provides solutions for the service of vehicles and industrial equipment that include wheel alignment equipment, wheel balancers, tire changers, vehicle lifts, test lane equipment, collision repair equipment, vehicle air conditioning service equipment, brake service equipment, fluid exchange equipment, transmission troubleshooting equipment, safety testing equipment, battery chargers, and hoists, as well as after-sales support services and training programs. Further, it offers financing programs to facilitate the sales of its products and support its franchise business. It serves the aviation and aerospace, natural resources, agriculture, infrastructure construction, government and military, mining, power generation, and technical education industries. Snap-on Incorporated was incorporated in 1920 and is headquartered in Kenosha, Wisconsin.;tech
SNAP;Snap Inc. operates as a technology company in North America, Europe, and internationally. The company offers Snapchat, a visual messaging application with various tabs, such as camera, visual messaging, snap map, stories, and spotlight that enable people to communicate visually through short videos and images. It also provides Snapchat+, a subscription service that provides subscribers access to exclusive, experimental, and pre-release features; Spectacles, an eyewear product; and advertising products, including AR ads and Snap ads comprises a single image or video ads, collection ads, dynamic ads, story ads, commercials, sponsored snaps, and promoted places. The company was formerly known as Snapchat, Inc. and changed its name to Snap Inc. in September 2016. Snap Inc. was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in Santa Monica, California.;tech
SNDA;Sonida Senior Living, Inc. owns and operates senior housing communities in the United States. The company provides independent living services, which include daily meals, transportation, social and recreational activities, laundry, housekeeping, and 24-hour staffing; and access to health screenings, periodic special services, and dietary and similar programs, as well as exercise and fitness classes. It offers assisted living services consist of personal care services, such as assistance with activities of daily living, including ambulation, bathing, dressing, eating, grooming, personal hygiene, and monitoring or assistance with medications; support services, such as meals, assistance with social and recreational activities, laundry, general housekeeping, maintenance, and transportation services; and supplemental services, which include extra transportation, personal maintenance, and extra laundry services, as well as special care services for residents with various forms of dementia. In addition, it offers memory care services; and home care services through third-party providers, such as customized physician, dentistry, podiatry, and other health-related rehabilitation and therapy services. The company was formerly known as Capital Senior Living Corporation and changed its name to Sonida Senior Living, Inc. in November 2021. Sonida Senior Living, Inc. was founded in 1990 and is based in Dallas, Texas.;tech
SNDR;Schneider National, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides multimodal surface transportation and logistics solutions in the United States, Canada, and Mexico. It operates in three segments: Truckload, Intermodal, and Logistics. The Truckload segment offers over-the-road freight transportation services through dry van, bulk, temperature-controlled, and flat-bed trailers across either dedicated or network configurations. Its Intermodal segment provides door-to-door container on flat car services through a combination of rail and dray transportation using company-owned containers, chassis, and trucks. The Logistics segment offers asset-light freight brokerage, supply chain, warehousing, and import/export services to manage and move its customers' freight. It also leases equipment, such as trucks to owner-operators; and provides insurance for the company drivers and owner-operators. Schneider National, Inc. was founded in 1935 and is headquartered in Green Bay, Wisconsin.;tech
SNN;Smith & Nephew plc, together with its subsidiaries, develops, manufactures, markets, and sells medical devices and services in the United Kingdom, the United States, and internationally. It operates in three segments: Orthopaedics, Sports Medicine & ENT, and Advanced Wound Management. The company offers knee implant products for knee replacement procedures; hip implants for revision procedures; trauma and extremities products that include internal and external devices used in the stabilization of severe fractures and deformity correction procedures; and other reconstruction products. It also provides sports medicine joint repair products comprise instruments, technologies, and implants to perform minimally invasive surgery, as well as treating soft tissue injuries and degenerative conditions of the shoulder, knee, hip, and small joints. In addition, the company offers arthroscopic enabling technologies comprising fluid management equipment for surgical access, cameras, digital image capture, scopes, light sources, and monitors to assist with visualization inside the joints, radio frequency, electromechanical and mechanical tissue resection devices, and hand instruments for removing damaged tissue; and ear, nose, and throat solutions. Further, it provides advanced wound care products for the treatment and prevention of acute and chronic wounds, leg, diabetic and pressure ulcers, burns, and post-operative wounds; advanced wound bioactives, such as biologics and other bioactive technologies for debridement and dermal repair/regeneration, and regenerative medicine products, including skin, bone graft, and articular cartilage substitutes; and advanced wound devices, such as traditional and single-use negative pressure wound therapy, and hydrosurgery systems. The company serves the healthcare providers. Smith & Nephew plc was founded in 1856 and is headquartered in Watford, the United Kingdom.;tech
SNOW;Snowflake Inc. provides a cloud-based data platform for various organizations in the United States and internationally. The company's platform includes artificial intelligence (AI) Data Cloud, which enables customers to consolidate data into a single source of truth to drive meaningful business insights, build data applications, and share data and data products, as well as applies AI for solving business problems. It serves financial services, advertising, media and entertainment, retail and consumer goods, healthcare and life sciences, manufacturing, technology, telecom, travel and hospitality, and government and defense industries, as well as the public sector. The company was formerly known as Snowflake Computing, Inc. and changed its name to Snowflake Inc. in April 2019. Snowflake Inc. was incorporated in 2012 and is based in Bozeman, Montana.;tech
SNV;Synovus Financial Corp. operates as the bank holding company for Synovus Bank that provides commercial and consumer banking products and services in the United States. It operates in four segments: Wholesale Banking, Community Banking, Consumer Banking, and Financial Management Services. The company provides commercial banking services, including commercial, financial, real estate lending, treasury management, asset management, capital markets services, and institutional trust services; consumer banking services, such as accepting customary types of demand and savings deposit accounts, mortgage, installment, and other consumer loans, investment and brokerage services, safe deposit services, automated banking services; automated fund transfers, internet-based banking services, and bank credit and debit card services. It also engages in portfolio management for fixed-income securities investment banking; the execution of securities transactions as a broker/dealer; and the provision of individual investment advice on equity and other securities, and financial planning services. The company was founded in 1888 and is headquartered in Columbus, Georgia.;tech
SNX;TD SYNNEX Corporation operates as a distributor and solutions aggregator for the information technology (IT) ecosystem. It offers endpoint solutions, including personal computing devices and peripherals, mobile phones and accessories, printers, and supplies; and advanced solutions comprising data center technologies, such as hybrid cloud, security, storage, networking, servers, software, converged and hyper-converged infrastructure, and hyperscale infrastructure. The company also provides design, integration, test and other production value-added solutions, such as thermal testing, power-draw efficiency testing, burn-in, quality, and logistics support; logistics services; depot repair and customer management services; and cloud services, including public cloud solutions in productivity and collaboration, infrastructure as a service, platform as a service, software as a service, security, mobility, AI, and other hybrid solutions. In addition, it offers online services; financing options, including net terms, third party leasing, floor plan financing and letters-of-credit backed financing and arrangements, as well lease products to reseller customers and their end-users and provides device-as-a-service to end-users; and Marketing Services comprising direct mail, external media advertising, reseller product training, targeted telemarketing campaigns, national and regional trade shows, trade groups, database analysis, print on demand services, and web-based marketing. It serves value-added resellers, corporate resellers, government resellers, system integrators, direct marketers, retailers, and managed service providers. The company was formerly known as SYNNEX Corporation and changed its name to TD SYNNEX Corporation in September 2021. TD SYNNEX Corporation was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in Fremont, California.;tech
SO;The Southern Company, through its subsidiaries, engages in the generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity. The company develops, constructs, acquires, owns, and manages power generation assets, including renewable energy projects and sells electricity in the wholesale market; distributes natural gas in Illinois, Georgia, Virginia, and Tennessee; operates, constructs, and maintains approximately 78,500 miles of natural gas pipelines and 14 storage facilities; and provides gas marketing services, as well as electric services to retail customers. It also offers distributed energy and resilience solutions, and digital wireless communications and fiber optics services, as well as deploys microgrids for commercial, industrial, governmental, utility customers. The Southern Company was incorporated in 1946 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
SOBO;South Bow Corporation operates as an energy infrastructure company. The company operates 4,900 kilometres of crude oil pipeline infrastructure connecting Alberta crude oil supplies to the U.S. refining markets in the U.S. Midwest and Gulf Coast. The company offers ancillary services, including storage at terminals. The company was incorporated in 2023 and is based in Calgary, Canada.;tech
SOC;Sable Offshore Corp. operates as an independent oil and gas company in the United States. The company operates through three platforms located in federal waters offshore California. It also owns and operates 16 federal leases across approximately 76,000 acres, as well as subsea pipelines that transports crude oil, natural gas, and produced water from the platforms to the onshore processing facilities. The company was formerly known as Flame Acquisition Corp. and changed its name to Sable Offshore Corp. in February 2024. Sable Offshore Corp. was incorporated in 2020 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
SOLV;Solventum Corporation, a healthcare company, develops, manufactures, and commercializes a portfolio of solutions to address critical customer and patient needs in the United States and internationally. It operates in four segments: Medsurg, Dental Solutions, Health Information Systems, and Purification and Filtration. The Medsurg segment offers solutions for negative pressure wound therapy, advanced wound dressings, advanced skin care, I.V. site management, sterilization assurance, temperature management, surgical supplies, medical tapes and wrap, stethoscopes, medical electrodes, and medical technologies for original equipment manufacturers. Its Dental Solutions segment provides a suite of dental and orthodontic products, including brackets, aligners, restorative cements, and bonding agents. The Health Information Systems provides software solutions and services for health care systems, such as computer-assisted, physician documentation, direct-to-bill and coding automation, classification methodologies, speech recognition, and data visualization platforms. Its Purification and Filtration segment provides purification and filtration technologies comprising filters, purifiers, cartridges, and membranes. The company sells its products and services through direct-to-consumer, distribution, key account management, inside sales, and e-commerce. Solventum Corporation was incorporated in 2023 and is based in Maplewood, Minnesota.;tech
SON;Sonoco Products Company, together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, manufactures, and sells various engineered and sustainable packaging products in the United States, Europe, Canada, the Asia Pacific, and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Consumer Packaging and Industrial Paper Packaging. The Consumer Packaging segment provides round and shaped rigid paper products and steel and plastic containers; and metal and peelable membrane ends, closures, and components. The Industrial Paper Packaging segment offers paperboard tubes, cones, and cores; paper-based protective packaging products; and uncoated recycled paperboards. The company also offers various packaging materials, including plastic, paper, foam, and various other specialty materials. The company sells its products in various markets, which include paper, textile, film, food, packaging, construction, and wire and cable. Sonoco Products Company was founded in 1899 and is headquartered in Hartsville, South Carolina.;tech
SONY;Sony Group Corporation designs, develops, produces, and sells electronic equipment, instruments, and devices for the consumer, professional, and industrial markets in Japan, the United States, Europe, China, the Asia-Pacific, and internationally. The company distributes software titles and add-on content through digital networks; network services related to game, video, and music content; hardware and home gaming consoles, packaged and game software, and peripheral devices. It also develops, produces, markets, and distributes recorded music; publishes music; and produces and distributes animation titles, game applications, and various services for music and visual products. In addition, the company produces, acquires, and distributes live-action and animated motion pictures for theatrical release, as well as scripted and animated series, unscripted reality or light entertainment, daytime serials, game shows, television movies, and miniseries and other television programs; operation of television networks and direct-to-consumer streaming services; operates a visual effects and animation unit; and manages a studio facility. Further, it researches, develops, designs, produces, markets, distributes, sells, and services televisions, and video and sound products; interchangeable lens, as well as compact digital, and consumer and professional video cameras; projectors and medical equipment; mobile phones, accessories, and applications; and metal oxide semiconductor image sensors, integration systems, and other semiconductors. Additionally, it offers Internet broadband network services; recording media, and storage media products; and life and non-life insurance, banking, and other services, as well as creates and distributes content for PCs and mobile phones. The company was formerly known as Sony Corporation and changed its name to Sony Group Corporation in April 2021. Sony Group Corporation was incorporated in 1946 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.;tech
SOR;Source Capital, Inc. is a close-ended balanced fund launched and managed by First Pacific Advisors, LLC. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. The fund primarily invests in value stocks of small to mid cap companies. It employs fundamental analysis with a bottom-up stock selection approach, focusing on such factors as high liquidity, relatively unleveraged balance sheets, and long-term ability to earn above-average returns on capital to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Russell 2500 Index, the S&P 500 Index, and the Nasdaq Composite Index. Source Capital, Inc. was formed in June 1, 1968 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
SOS;SOS Limited provides data mining and analysis services to corporate and individual members in the People's Republic of China. It offers marketing data, technology, and solutions for insurance companies; emergency rescue services; and insurance product and health care information portals. The company also provides SOS cloud emergency rescue service software as a service platform that offers basic cloud products, such as medical rescue, automobile rescue, financial rescue, and rescue mutual aid card services. In addition, the company offers telecommunication, insurance, and bank call services; rescue cards; cooperative cloud systems, including information rescue center, intelligent big data, and intelligent software and hardware; information cloud systems, such as news today and e-commerce today; information security services, and marketing-related data; emergency medical consultation and health advices; hosting service; and technology and solutions for emergency rescue services, such as insurance, finance, medical care, health, automobile, safety and mutual aid, as well as builds a rescue service system. Further, it engages in blockchain and cryptocurrency operations, including cryptocurrency mining. It serves insurance companies, financial institutions, medical institutions, healthcare providers, and other service providers in the emergency rescue services industry. SOS Limited is headquartered in Qingdao, the People's Republic of China.;tech
SPB;Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. operates as a branded consumer products and home essentials company in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Latin America, and Asia-Pacific regions. It operates through three segments: Home and Personal Care (HPC); Global Pet Care (GPC); and Home and Garden (H&G). The Home and Personal Care segment provides home appliances under the Black & Decker, Russell Hobbs, George Foreman, PowerXL, Emeril Legasse, Copper Chef, Toastmaster, Juiceman, Farberware, and Breadman brands; and personal care products under the Remington brand. The GPC segment provides Rawhide chews, dog and cat clean-up, training, health and grooming products, small animal food and care products, rawhide-free dog and cat treats, and wet and dry pet food for dogs and cats under the Good'n'Fun, DreamBone, GOOD BOY, SmartBones, IAMS, EUKANUBA, Nature's Miracle, FURminator, Dingo, 8IN1, Meowee!, and Wild Harvest brands. This segment also offers aquarium kits, stand-alone tanks, and aquatics equipment and consumables under the Tetra, Marineland, Instant Ocean, GloFish, and OmegaSea brands. The H&G segment provides outdoor insect and weed control solutions, and animal repellents under the Spectracide, Garden Safe, Liquid Fence, and EcoLogic brands; household pest control solutions under the Hot Shot, Black Flag, Real-Kill, Ultra Kill, The Ant Trap, and Rid-A-Bug brands; household surface cleaning, maintenance, and restoration products, including bottled liquids, mops, wipes, and markers under the Rejuvenate brand; and personal-use pesticides and insect repellent products under the Cutter and Repel brands. The company sells its products through retailers, e-commerce and online retailers, wholesalers, and distributors. Spectrum Brands Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in Middleton, Wisconsin.;tech
SPCE;Virgin Galactic Holdings, Inc., an aerospace and space travel company, focuses on the development, manufacture, and operation of spaceships and related technologies. It engages in the design and development, manufacturing, ground and flight testing, spaceflight operation, and post-flight maintenance of spaceflight systems for private individuals, researchers, and government agencies. The company is headquartered in Tustin, California.;tech
SPE;Special Opportunities Fund, Inc. is a close-ended balanced fund of funds launched and managed by Bulldog Investors, LLC. It invests in close-ended funds investing in public equity and fixed income markets. The fund employs a combination of value, opportunistic and special situations strategies to make its investments. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index. The fund was previously known as Insured Municipal Income Fund, Inc. Special Opportunities Fund, Inc. was formed on February 18, 1993 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
SPG;Simon Property Group, Inc. (NYSE:SPG) is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT). Simon Property Group, L.P., or the Operating Partnership, is our majority-owned partnership subsidiary that owns all of our real estate properties and other assets. In this package, the terms Simon, we, our, or the Company refer to Simon Property Group, Inc., the Operating Partnership, and its subsidiaries. We own, develop and manage premier shopping, dining, entertainment and mixed-use destinations, which consist primarily of malls, Premium Outlets, The Mills, and International Properties. At December 31, 2024, we owned or had an interest in 229 properties comprising 183 million square feet in North America, Asia and Europe. We also owned an 88% interest in The Taubman Realty Group, or TRG, which owns 22 regional, super-regional, and outlet malls in the U.S. and Asia. Additionally, at December 31, 2024, we had a 22.4% ownership interest in Klepierre, a publicly traded, Paris-based real estate company, which owns shopping centers in 14 European countries.;tech
SPGI;S&P Global Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides credit ratings, benchmarks, analytics, and workflow solutions in the global capital, commodity, and automotive markets. It operates through five segments: S&P Global Market Intelligence, S&P Global Ratings, S&P Global Commodity Insights, S&P Global Mobility, and S&P Dow Jones Indices. The S&P Global Market Intelligence segment provides multi-asset-class data and analytics integrated with purpose-built workflow solutions. This segment offers Desktop, a product suite that provides data, analytics, and third-party research for global finance and corporate professionals; data and advisory solutions for research, reference data, market data, derived analytics, and valuation services; enterprise solutions, such as software and workflow solutions; and credit and risk solutions for selling ratings' credit ratings and related data and research, analytics, and financial risk solutions. The S&P Global Ratings segment operates as an independent provider of credit ratings, research, and analytics offering investors and other market participants information, ratings, and benchmarks. The S&P Global Commodity Insights segment provides information and benchmark prices for the commodity and energy markets. The S&P Global Mobility segment offers solutions serving the full automotive value chain, including vehicle manufacturers (original equipment manufacturers), automotive suppliers, mobility service providers, retailers, consumers, and finance and insurance companies. The S&P Dow Jones Indices segment operates as an index provider that maintains various valuation and index benchmarks for investment advisors, wealth managers, and institutional investors. It has operations in the United States, European region, Asia, and internationally. S&P Global Inc. was founded in 1860 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
SPH;Suburban Propane Partners, L.P., through its subsidiaries, engages in the retail marketing and distribution of propane, renewable propane, fuel oil, and refined fuels in the United States. The company operates through four segments: Propane, Fuel Oil and Refined Fuels, Natural Gas and Electricity, and All Other. The Propane segment is involved in the retail distribution of propane for space heating, water heating, cooking, and clothes drying for use as a motor fuel in internal combustion engines to power over-the-road vehicles, forklifts, and stationary engines, as well as to fire furnaces as a cutting gas to the industrial customers; and for tobacco curing, crop drying, poultry brooding, and weed control in the agricultural markets. It also engages in the wholesale distribution of propane to industrial end users. Its Fuel Oil and Refined Fuels segment engages in the retail distribution of fuel oil, diesel, kerosene, and gasoline to residential and commercial customers for use in primarily as a source of heat in homes and buildings. The Natural Gas and Electricity segment markets natural gas and electricity to residential and commercial customers in the deregulated energy markets in New York and Pennsylvania. The All Other segment sells, installs, and services a range of home comfort equipment, including whole-house heating products, air cleaners, humidifiers, and space heaters. The company serves residential, commercial, industrial, and agricultural customers primarily in the east and west coast regions of the United States, as well as portions of the midwest region of the United States and Alaska. Suburban Propane Partners, L.P. was founded in 1945 and is based in Whippany, New Jersey.;tech
SPHR;Sphere Entertainment Co. operates as a live entertainment and media company in the United States. It operates through two segments, Sphere and MSG Networks. The Sphere segment offers entertainment medium powered by technologies to create multi-sensory experiences. The MSG Networks segment provides regional sports and entertainment networks, as well as a direct-to-consumer and authenticated streaming products; and sports content, including live local games and other programming. The company was formerly known as Madison Square Garden Entertainment Corp. and changed its name to Sphere Entertainment Co. in April 2023. Sphere Entertainment Co. was founded in 2006 and is based in New York, New York.;tech
SPIR;Spire Global, Inc. provides subscription-based data, insights, predictive analytics, and related project-based services worldwide. The company offers satellite-based aircraft tracking data, drive decision making, and improve cost efficiencies; data, insights, and predictive analytics for highly accurate ship monitoring, real-time and near real-time vessel updates, port operations, ship safety, and route optimization; and space-based data, AI-powered insights, and predictive weather analytics for accurate weather forecasting. It serves maritime, weather, aviation, and space services industries. The company was formerly known as Nanosatisfi, Inc. and changed its name to Spire Global, Inc. in July 2014. Spire Global, Inc. was founded in 2012 and is headquartered in Vienna, Virginia.;tech
SPOT;Spotify Technology S.A., together with its subsidiaries, provides audio streaming subscription services worldwide. It operates through two segments, Premium and Ad-Supported. The Premium segment offers unlimited online and offline streaming access to its catalog of music and podcasts without commercial breaks to its subscribers. This segment sells directly to the end users. The Ad-Supported segment provides on-demand online access to its catalog of music and unlimited online access to the catalog of podcasts to its users on their computers, tablets, and compatible mobile devices. The company also offers sales, distribution and marketing, contract research and development, and customer and other support services. Spotify Technology S.A. was incorporated in 2006 and is based in Luxembourg City, Luxembourg.;tech
SPR;Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. engages in the design, engineering, manufacture, and marketing of commercial aerostructures worldwide. It operates through three segments: Commercial, Defense & Space, and Aftermarket. The Commercial segment offers forward, mid, and rear fuselage sections and systems; floor beams, nacelles, struts/pylons, horizontal and vertical stabilizers, flaps and slats flight control surfaces, wing structures, and wing systems. This segment primarily serves commercial and business/regional jet programs. The Defense & Space segment engages in the fabrication, bonding, assembly, testing, tooling, processing, engineering analysis, and training on fuselage, strut, nacelle, and wing aerostructures; provision of missiles and hypersonics solutions, such as solid rocket motor throats, nozzles, re-entry vehicle thermal protections systems; forward cockpit and cabin, and fuselage work on rotorcraft aerostructures; and classified programs. This segment primarily serves U.S. Government defense programs. The Aftermarket segment provides maintenance, repair, and overhaul MRO services; fuselage, strut, nacelle, and wing aerostructures spare parts; repair services for flight control surfaces, and nacelles; radome repairs; rotable assets trading and leasing; engineering services; advanced composite repair; and others. This segment serves commercial and defense and space programs. The company was formerly known as Mid-Western Aircraft Systems Holdings, Inc. Spirit AeroSystems Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1927 and is headquartered in Wichita, Kansas.;tech
SPRU;Spruce Power Holding Corporation owns and operates distributed solar energy assets in the United States. The company offers electricity for homeowners and businesses through subscription-based payments and solar renewable energy credits (SRECs) for contracted prices, which are generated by home solar energy systems. It also provides Spruce Pro servicing platform, which provides home and third party-owned solar energy systems with portfolio managed services, including billing and collections/asset recovery, account support services, financial asset management, homeowner support and servicing technology, asset operations, and transaction and execution services related to SRECs; and Spruce Pro, which offers third-party owners a range of services for residential, commercial, and industrial assets. Spruce Power Holding Corporation was founded in 2009 and is headquartered in Denver, Colorado.;tech
SPXC;SPX Technologies, Inc. engages in the supply of infrastructure equipment serving the heating, ventilation, and cooling (HVAC); and detection and measurement markets worldwide. The company operates in two segments, HVAC and Detection and Measurement. The HVAC segment engineers, designs, manufactures, installs, and services cooling products and engineered air movement and handling solutions for the HVAC industrial, commercial, data center, and power generation markets, as well as heating and ventilation products for the residential, industrial, and commercial markets. It offers its cooling products under the Marley, Recold, SGS, Cincinnati Fan, TAMCO, and Ingénia names; and heating products under the Berko, Qmark, Fahrenheat, Leading Edge, Patterson-Kelley, Weil-McLain, Williamson-Thermoflo, INDEECO, Heatrex, AccuTherm, Brasch, Spectrum, BannerDay PipeHeating, and Solar Products brands. The Detection and Measurement segment offers underground pipe and cable locators; inspection and rehabilitation equipment; robotic systems under the Radiodetection, Pearpoint, Schonstedt, Dielectric, Riser Bond, Cues, ULC Robotics, and Sensors & Software brands; transportation systems under the Genfare brand; communication technologies products under the TCI and ECS brand names; and obstruction lighting products under the Flash Technology, ITL, Sabik Marine, Sealite, and Avlite brands. The company markets its products through independent manufacturing representatives, third-party distributors, and retailers. The company was formerly known as SPX Corporation and changed its name to SPX Technologies, Inc. in August 2022. SPX Technologies, Inc. was founded in 1912 and is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina;tech
SQM;Sociedad Química y Minera de Chile S.A. operates as a mining company worldwide. The company offers specialty plant nutrients, including sodium potassium nitrate, specialty blends, and other specialty fertilizers under Ultrasol, Qrop, Speedfol, Allganic, Ultrasoline, ProP, and Prohydric brands. It also provides iodine and its derivatives for use in medical, agricultural, industrial, and human and animal nutrition products comprising x-ray contrast media, biocides, antiseptics and disinfectants, pharmaceutical intermediates, polarizing films for LCD and LED screens, chemicals, organic compounds, and pigments, as well as added to edible salt to prevent iodine deficiency disorders. In addition, the company produces lithium carbonate and lithium hydroxide which are used in the production of cathode material for secondary batteries; lithium chloride; and basic lithium chemicals and lithium derivatives used in lubricating greases for heat-resistant glass, chips for the ceramic and glazing industry, and air conditioning chemicals, as well as other pharmaceutical syntheses and metal alloys. Further, it produces potassium sulfate; and potassium chloride which is used as a fertilizer for the application of potassium to different crops. Additionally, the company produces and markets industrial chemicals, such as sodium nitrate mainly used in the production of glass and explosives, metal processing and recycling, and production of insulating materials and adhesives; potassium nitrate used as a raw material to produce frits and special glass, as well as in the enamel, metal treatment, and pyrotechnic sectors; solar salts used as a thermal storage medium in solar power generation plants; and potassium chloride as an additive in oil drilling and food processing sectors. Furthermore, it is involved in the commercialization of third-party fertilizers; and exploration of copper, gold, and silver deposits. The company was founded in 1926 and is headquartered in Santiago, Chile.;tech
SQNS;Sequans Communications S.A., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the fabless designing, developing, and supplying of cellular semiconductor solutions for massive and broadband internet of things markets. It offers baseband solutions for use in encoding and decoding data based on 4G and 5G protocols for wireless processing platform for a cellular device; RF transceivers used to transmit and receive wireless transmissions; highly integrated system-on-chip solutions that combine various functions into a single die or package; and LTE modules. The company also provides software, including tools to enable manufacturers to integrate solutions into their devices; and design support services. It serves OEMs and ODMs customers, as well as 4G and 5G wireless carriers. The company operates in China, Taiwan, the rest of Asia, Germany, the United States, and internationally. Sequans Communications S.A. was incorporated in 2003 and is headquartered in Paris, France.;tech
SR;Spire Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the purchase, retail distribution, and sale of natural gas to residential, commercial, industrial, and other end-users of natural gas in the United States. The company operates through three segments: Gas Utility, Gas Marketing, and Midstream. It is also involved in the marketing of natural gas and related services; and transportation and storage of natural gas. In addition, the company engages in the operation of propane through its propane pipeline, risk management, and other activities. The company was formerly known as The Laclede Group, Inc. and changed its name to Spire Inc. in April 2016. Spire Inc. was founded in 1857 and is based in Saint Louis, Missouri.;tech
SRE;Sempra operates as an energy infrastructure company in the United States and internationally. It operates through three segments: Sempra California, Sempra Texas Utilities, and Sempra Infrastructure. The Sempra California segment provides natural gas and electric services to Southern California and part of central California. As of December 31, 2024, it offered electric services to approximately 3.6 million population and natural gas services to approximately 3.3 million population that covers 4,100 square miles. This segment owns and operates a natural gas distribution, transmission, and storage system that supplies natural gas. As of December 31, 2024, it served a population of 21.1 million covering an area of 24,000 square miles. The Sempra Texas Utilities segment engages in the regulated electricity transmission and distribution business. As of December 31, 2024, its transmission system included 18,324 circuit miles of transmission lines; 1,288 transmission and distribution substations; interconnection to 192 third-party generation facilities totaling 58,597 MW; and distribution system included approximately 4 million points of delivery and consisted of 125,975 miles of overhead and underground lines. The Sempra Infrastructure segment develops, builds, operates, and invests in energy infrastructure to help enable the access to cleaner energy in markets in the United States, Mexico, and internationally. The company was formerly known as Sempra Energy and changed its name to Sempra in May 2023. Sempra was incorporated in 1996 and is based in San Diego, California.;tech
SRFM;Surf Air Mobility Inc. engages in the air mobility business in the United States and internationally. Its air mobility platform provides scheduled commercial air service flights; and on-demand flights created for customers on an ad-hoc, by request basis. Surf Air Mobility Inc. was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Hawthorne, California.;tech
SRG;Prior to the adoption of the Company's Plan of Sale, Seritage was principally engaged in the ownership, development, redevelopment, management, sale and leasing of diversified retail and mixed-use properties throughout the United States. As of March 31, 2025, the Company's portfolio consisted of interests in 16 properties comprised of approximately 1.6 million square feet of gross leasable area (GLA) or build-to-suit leased area and 240 acres of land. The portfolio encompasses nine wholly owned properties consisting of approximately 0.8 million square feet of GLA and 132 acres (such properties, the Consolidated Properties) and seven unconsolidated entities consisting of approximately 0.8 million square feet of GLA and 108 acres (such properties, the Unconsolidated Properties).;tech
SRI;Stoneridge, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs and manufactures engineered electrical and electronic systems, components, and modules for the automotive, commercial, off-highway, and agricultural vehicle markets in North America, South America, Europe, Mexico, China, and internationally. The company operates through three segments: Control Devices, Electronics, and Stoneridge Brazil. The Control Devices segment offers actuators, sensors, switches, actuators, and connectors that monitor, measure, or activate specific functions within a vehicle. The Electronics segment designs and manufactures driver information systems, vision systems, connectivity and compliance products, and control modules. Its products collect, store, and display vehicle information, such as speed, pressure, maintenance data, trip information, operator performance, temperature, distance traveled, and driver messages related to vehicle performance. The Stoneridge Brazil segment designs, manufactures, and sells vehicle tracking devices and monitoring services; vehicle security alarms and convenience accessories, including parking sensors and rearview cameras; telematics solutions used for fleet management and multimedia devices; and driver information systems. The company provides its products and systems to various original equipment manufacturers and tier 1 customers, as well as aftermarket distributors. Stoneridge, Inc. was founded in 1965 and is headquartered in Novi, Michigan.;tech
SRL;Scully Royalty Ltd. operates as an iron ore mining company in the Americas, Africa, Canada, Asia, and Europe. It operates through three segments: Royalty, Industrial, and Merchant Banking. The company holds royalty interest in the Scully iron ore mine located in the Province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. It also engages in manufacturing, and medical supplies and services industries. In addition, the company offers merchant banking solutions to small and medium sized enterprises; operates projects in resources and services; and holds industrial real estate parks. Scully Royalty Ltd. was formerly known as MFC Bancorp Ltd. and changed its name to Scully Royalty Ltd. in June 2019. The company was incorporated in 2017 and is based in Shanghai, the People's Republic of China.;tech
SSB;SouthState Bank Corporation operates as the bank holding company for SouthState Bank, National Association that provides a range of banking services and products to individuals and companies in the United States. The company offers checking accounts, savings accounts, money market accounts, and time deposit accounts; interest-bearing deposits, certificates of deposits, and other time deposits; and interest-bearing transaction accounts. It also provides bond accounting services for correspondents, asset/liability consulting related activities, international wires, and other clearing and corporate checking account services. In addition, the company offers commercial real estate, residential real estate, and commercial and industrial loans, as well as consumer loans, including auto, boat, and personal installment, as well as business, agriculture, real estate-secured (mortgage), home improvement, and manufactured housing loans. Further, it provides debit and credit card, mobile services, funds transfer products and services, and treasury management services comprising merchant, automated clearing house, lock-box, remote deposit capture, and other treasury services, as well as asset and wealth management, and other fiduciary and private banking services. Additionally, the company offers safe deposit boxes, bank money orders, wire transfer and ACH services, brokerage services, and alternative investment products, such as annuities and mutual funds, trust and asset management services; letters of credit and home equity lines of credit; and online, mobile, and telephone banking platforms. The company was formerly known as SouthState Corporation and changed its name to SouthState Bank Corporation in September 2025. SouthState Bank Corporation was founded in 1933 and is headquartered in Winter Haven, Florida.;tech
SSD;Simpson Manufacturing Co., Inc., through its subsidiaries, designs, engineers, manufactures, and sells structural solutions for wood, concrete, and steel connections in North America, Europe, and the Asia Pacific. The company offers connectors, holddowns, and truss connector plates; nails, screws, staples fasteners, and screw fastening systems; and pre-fabricated steel, wood shearwalls, anchor tiedown systems, and yield-link connections. It also provides adhesives, mechanical anchors, carbide drill bits, and powder-actuated pins and tools; grouts, coatings, sealers, mortars, fiberglass and fiber-reinforced polymer systems and asphalt products. In addition, the company offers engineering and design services, as well as software solutions. It markets its products to the residential construction, industrial, commercial and infrastructure construction, remodeling and do-it-yourself markets. The company was founded in 1956 and is headquartered in Pleasanton, California.;tech
SSL;Sasol Limited operates as a chemical and energy company. It offers bitumen, industrial heating fuels, naphtha, lubricants and lubricant base oils, liquefied petroleum gas, automotive and industrial lubricants, greases, cleansers and degreasers, automotive fuels, and burner fuels or domestic, as well as illuminating paraffin transport fuels, such as petrol, diesel, and jet fuels. The company also provides methane rich and natural gas. In addition, it offers ammonium nitrate, limestone ammonium nitrate, and nitric acid for agriculture; industrial foaming agents, wax/hydrophobic coatings and industrial pegs, dispersible hydrates, boehmites, and aluminum oxides for building and construction; short-chain alcohols for flavors and fragrances; liquids, flakes, powders, and polyethylene glycols for health and wellness; caustic soda, hydrochloric acid CP Grade, and calcium chloride for industrial and institutional cleaning; alumina-based catalyst, cobalt FT catalysts, and mixed metal oxides for inorganic materials and catalysts; chemical feedstocks, process solvents, and chemicals for manufacturing and industrial; viscosity modifiers, chemical carriers, and adsorbents for mining, oil, and gas; hydrocarbons, surfactants, polyether, and polyglycols for paper and water; surfactants, dyes, finishing agents, tanning agents, and emulsifiers for textile and leather; and other chemicals for automotive and transportation, consumer goods, home care, packaging, printing, coatings, personal care, and polymers sectors. Further, it is involved in engineering services, research and development, and technology transfer; management of cash resources, investments, and procurement of loans; develop and implement international gas to liquid and CTL ventures; marketing of fuels and lubricants; trading and transportation of oil products, petrochemicals and chemical products, and derivatives; and coal mining activities. Sasol Limited was founded in 1950 and is based in Johannesburg, South Africa.;tech
SST;System1, Inc. provides omnichannel customer acquisition platform services through its proprietary responsive acquisition marketing platform in the United States and internationally. It operates in two segments: Owned and Operated Advertising, and Partner Network. The company engages in the provision of acquiring traffic to its owned and operated websites, as well as revenue-sharing arrangements and related services. It also operates MapQuest, a web-based navigation service that delivers turn-by-turn direction services to users; Info.com, a metasearch engine that consumers can use to search for relevant information; HowStuffWorks, a commercial website focused on helping people solve problems in their daily lives by using various types of digital media to easily breakdown and explain complex concepts, topics, terminology, and mechanisms; Startpage, a private search engine that allows users to browse and search the Internet in complete privacy; and CouponFollow, a coupon destinations for online shoppers, as well as ActiveBeat and Infospace. In addition, the company offers antivirus software solutions, which provide customers a single packaged solution that offers protection and reporting to the end users. The company is based in Los Angeles, California.;tech
SSTK;Shutterstock, Inc. provides platform to connect brands and businesses to high quality content in North America, Europe, and internationally. The company offers image services consisting of photographs, vectors, and illustrations, which is used in visual communications, such as websites, digital and print marketing materials, corporate communications, books, publications, and others; footage services, including video clips, filmed by industry experts and cinema grade video effects in HD and 4K formats that are integrated into websites, social media, marketing campaigns, and cinematic productions; and music services comprising music tracks and sound effects, which are used to complement images and footage. It also provides 3 dimensional models consisting of 3D models used in various industries, such as advertising, media and video production, gaming, retail, education, design, and architecture; and generative AI content comprising images generated from algorithms trained with ethically sourced content. In addition, the company operates a collection of graphics interchange format visuals and stickers that supplies casual conversational content. It offers its services under the Shutterstock, Envato, Pond5, TurboSquid, PicMonkey, PremiumBeat, Splash News, Backgrid, Bigstock, and Offset brand names. The company serves corporate professionals and organizations, media and broadcast companies, and small and medium-sized businesses, and individual creators through digital, live sales, services, and client management channels. Shutterstock, Inc. was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
ST;Sensata Technologies Holding plc develops, manufactures, and sells sensors and sensor-rich solutions, electrical protection components and systems, and other products used in mission-critical systems and applications in the United States and internationally. It operates through two segments, Performance Sensing and Sensing Solutions. The Performance Sensing segment offers sensors and high-voltage solutions used in subsystems of automobiles, on-road trucks, and off-road equipment, such as tire pressure monitoring, thermal management, electrical protection, regenerative braking, powertrain (engine/transmission), and exhaust management. The Sensing Solutions segment provides application-specific sensor and electrical protection products, such as pressure, temperature, and position sensors; motor and compressor protectors; high-voltage contactors; solid state relays; bimetal electromechanical controls; power inverters; charge controllers; battery management systems; operator controls; and power conversion systems. It serves automotive, on-road truck, and construction; and original equipment manufacturers in agriculture, control, appliance, medical, energy and charging infrastructure, data/telecom, and aerospace and defense industries, as well as systems integrators, aerospace, and motor and compressor distributors. Sensata Technologies Holding plc was founded in 1916 and is headquartered in Attleboro, Massachusetts.;tech
STAG;STAG Industrial, Inc. is a real estate investment trust focused on the acquisition, development, ownership, and operation of industrial properties throughout the United States. As of March 31, 2025, the Company's portfolio consists of 597 buildings in 41 states with approximately 117.6 million rentable square feet.;tech
STC;Stewart Information Services Corporation, through its subsidiaries, provides title insurance and real estate transaction related services in the United States and internationally. The company is involved in searching, examining, closing, and insuring the condition of the title to real property. It also offers home and personal insurance services; services for tax-deferred exchanges; and digital customer engagement platform services. In addition, the company provides appraisal management, online notarization and closing, credit and real estate information, and search and valuation management services. It serves homebuyers and sellers, residential and commercial real estate professionals, mortgage lenders and servicers, title agencies and real estate attorneys, and home builders through direct operations, network of independent agencies, and other businesses. Stewart Information Services Corporation was founded in 1893 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
STE;STERIS plc provides infection prevention products and services worldwide. It operates in three segments: Healthcare, Applied Sterilization Technologies (AST), and Life Sciences. The Healthcare segment offers cleaning chemistries and sterility assurance products; automated endoscope reprocessing system and tracking products; endoscopy accessories, washers, sterilizers, and other pieces of capital equipment for the operation of a sterile processing department; and equipment used directly in procedure rooms, including surgical tables, lights, and connectivity solutions, as well as equipment management services. It also provides capital equipment installation, maintenance, upgradation, repair, and troubleshooting services; preventive maintenance programs and repair services; instrument, devices, and endoscope repair and maintenance services; and custom process improvement consulting and outsourced instrument sterile processing services. The AST segment provides contract sterilization and testing services for medical device and pharmaceutical manufacturers through a network of contract sterilization and laboratory facilities, as well as integrated sterilization equipment and control systems to medical device manufacturers and research institutions. The Life Sciences segment designs, manufactures, and sells consumable products, such as pharmaceutical detergents, cleanroom disinfectants and sterilants, pharmaceutical grade and research sterilizers and washers, sterility assurance and maintenance products, vaporized hydrogen peroxide room decontamination systems and sterilizers, and high purity water and pure steam generators. This segment also offers equipment installation, maintenance, upgradation, repair, and troubleshooting services; and preventive maintenance programs and repair services. It serves its products and services to hospitals, other healthcare providers, and pharmaceutical manufacturers. The company was founded in 1985 and is headquartered in Mentor, Ohio.;tech
STEL;Stellar Bancorp, Inc. operates as the bank holding company that provides a range of commercial banking products and services primarily to small and medium-sized businesses, professionals, and individual customers. It offers deposit products that include checking accounts, commercial accounts, money market accounts, savings accounts, and other time deposits, as well as convenient services, such as telephone, mobile, and online banking. The company also provides commercial and industrial loans; commercial real estate loans comprising multi-family residential loans; commercial real estate construction and land development loans; residential real estate loans comprising 1-4 family residential mortgage loans, including home equity and home improvement loans, and home equity lines of credit; commercial and retail lending services, such as loans to small businesses, mortgage loans, personal loans, and automobile loans; and factoring services. In addition, it offers safe deposit boxes, debit cards, cash management and wire transfer services, night depository services, direct deposits, cashier's checks, and letters of credit. Stellar Bancorp, Inc. was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
STEM;Stem, Inc. provides artificial intelligence driven software and services that enable its customers to plan, deploy, and operate clean energy assets in the United States and internationally. The company offers OEM energy storage systems; and software and edge hardware devices services. It serves energy traders, asset owners, independent power producers, community choice aggregators, off takers, renewable project developers, engineering, procurement and construction firms, operations and maintenance providers, electric cooperatives, utilities, load-serving entities, and grid operators. Stem, Inc. was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
STEW;SRH Total Return Fund, Inc. is a closed-ended balanced mutual fund launched and managed by Paralel Advisors LLC. Rocky Mountain Advisers, LLC serves as the Fund's sub-adviser. The fund invests in equity and fixed-income markets across the globe. It seeks to invest in securities of companies operating across diversified industries. The fund primarily invests in dividend-paying value stocks of companies across all capitalizations, as well as in fixed-income securities issued by companies. It employs both fundamental and quantitative analysis with a bottom-up security picking approach, focusing on such factors as defensible businesses with solid financial positions and strong operating track records to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Composite Index. SRH Total Return Fund, Inc. is domiciled in the United States.;tech
STG;Sunlands Technology Group provides online education services through online and mobile platforms in the People's Republic of China. It offers adult online education and adult personal interest learning education through courses and educational content offerings, including interest, professional skills and professional certification preparation courses, and degree- or diploma-oriented post-secondary courses. The company also provides professional assistance and counseling services to help students make decisions that suit their learning needs and to formulate study plans throughout their enrollments in the courses; and exam preparation courses for exam-taking students. In addition, the company offers professional skills and interest courses, such as wealth management, voice acting, Chinese painting, and calligraphy; degree- or diploma-oriented post-secondary course that consist of preparation courses for a state-administered exam for learners pursuing associate diplomas or bachelor's degrees, and other degree- or diploma-oriented post-secondary courses. Further, it provides professional certification preparation courses cover various industries and professions, such as accounting, human resources, and teaching, as well as technical and consultation services. The company was formerly known as Sunlands Online Education Group and changed its name to Sunlands Technology Group in August 2018. Sunlands Technology Group was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in Beijing, the People's Republic of China.;tech
STK;Columbia Seligman Premium Technology Growth Fund is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC. It invests in public equity markets. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating in the technology sector. It primarily invests in growth stocks of companies. It employs fundamental analysis with focus on factors like companies that have best growth prospects, trade at attractive valuations and deliver solid investment returns over time to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P North American Technology Sector Index. The fund was formerly known as Seligman Premium Technology Growth Fund, Inc. Columbia Seligman Premium Technology Growth Fund was formed on November 30, 2009 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
STLA;Stellantis N.V. engages in the design, engineering, manufacturing, distribution, and sale of automobiles and light commercial vehicles, engines, transmission systems, metallurgical products, mobility services, and production systems worldwide. It provides luxury and premium vehicles; global sport utility vehicles; American and European brand vehicles, as well as parts and accessories. The company also provides contract services; retail and dealer financing services; and leasing and rental services. It offers its products under the Abarth, Alfa Romeo, Chrysler, Citroën, DS, Dodge, FIAT, Jeep, Maserati, Ram, Opel, Lancia, Vauxhall, Peugeot, and Comau brand names through distributors and dealers. Stellantis N.V. was founded in 1899 and is based in Hoofddorp, the Netherlands.;tech
STM;STMicroelectronics N.V., together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, manufactures, and sells semiconductor products in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Americas, and the Asia Pacific. The company operates through Analog products, MEMS and Sensors Group (AM&S); Power and Discrete products (P&D); Microcontrollers (MCU); and Digital ICs and RF Products (D&RF) segments. It offers industrial application-specific integrated circuits (ASICs) and application-specific standard products (ASSPs); power management solutions; custom analog ICs, wireless charging solutions; galvanic isolated gate and LED drivers; converters, transistors, intelligent power switches, clocks and timers, comparators, and current-sense amplifiers; micro-electro-mechanical systems (MEMS) sensors, including accelerometers, gyroscopes, magnetic sensors, pressure, temperature, presence detection, biosensors, microphones, machine learning, and edge AI processing smart sensors, as well as thermal and piezoelectric actuators; and optical sensing solutions. The company also provides silicon MOSFETs, SiC MOSFETs, IGBTs, thyristors, rectifiers, and power modules and bipolar transistors; microcontrollers, NFC solutions, memories, and automotive MCUs; and radio frequency (RF) communications and ASICs, driver assistance systems, and RF and infotainment products. It serves automotive, industrial, personal electronics and communications equipment, and computers and peripherals markets. STMicroelectronics N.V. was incorporated in 1987 and is headquartered in Schiphol, the Netherlands.;tech
STN;Stantec Inc. provides professional services in the areas of infrastructure and facilities to the public and private sectors in Canada, the United States, and internationally. The company offers evaluation, planning, and designing infrastructure solutions; solutions for sustainable water resources, planning, management, and infrastructure; environmental services; integrated architecture, engineering, interior design, and planning solutions for buildings; and energy and resources solutions. It also provides consulting services in engineering, architecture, interior design, landscape architecture, surveying, environmental sciences, project management, and project economics. In addition, the company offers planning and design services to clients in residential, logistics, retail, infrastructure, energy, higher education, and urban regeneration sectors; architectural and interior design, and planning services in the science and technology, commercial workplace, higher education, residential, and hospitality markets. Further, the company involved in the planning, design, construction administration, commissioning, maintenance, decommissioning, and remediation services. The company was formerly known as Stanley Technology Group Inc. and changed its name to Stantec Inc. in October 1998. Stantec Inc. was founded in 1954 and is headquartered in Edmonton, Canada.;tech
STT;State Street Corporation provides various financial products and services to institutional investors. The company offers custody, accounting, and fund administration services for traditional and alternative assets, as well as multi-asset class investments; recordkeeping, client reporting, and investment book of record, transaction management, loans, cash, derivatives, and collateral services; investor services operations outsourcing; performance, risk, and compliance analytics; financial data management to support institutional investors; foreign exchange, brokerage, and other trading services; securities finance, such as prime services products; and deposit and short-term investment facilities. It also provides the State Street Alpha platform that combines portfolio management, trading and execution, analytics and compliance tools, and advanced data aggregation and integration with other industry platforms and providers; front-office technology that automates and simplifies the institutional investment process comprising portfolio management and risk analytics, trading, and post-trade settlement with integrated compliance and managed data; investment management solutions; and portfolio management, trading compliance, and manager/sponsor communication. In addition, the company offers investment management solutions, such as strategies across equity, fixed income, cash, multi-asset, and alternatives; SPDR ETFs and index funds; and defined benefit, defined contribution, and outsourced chief investment officer services. The company provides its products and services to mutual funds, collective investment funds and other investment pools, corporate and public retirement plans, insurance companies, investment managers, foundations, and endowments. It has a strategic alliance with UC Investments to expand access to wealth-building tools for individuals. The company was founded in 1792 and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts.;tech
STVN;Stevanato Group S.p.A. engages in the design, production, and distribution of products and processes to provide solutions for biopharma and healthcare industries in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, North America, South America, and the Asia Pacific. It operates through two segments, Biopharmaceutical and Diagnostic Solutions; and Engineering. The company offers drug containment solutions comprising pre-fillable syringes, cartridges, vials, and ampoules; in-vitro diagnostic solutions; drug delivery systems, including pen injectors, auto-injectors, and wearable injectors; diagnostic laboratory consumables; analytical and regulatory support services; medical devices; pharmaceutical visual inspection machines; assembling and packaging machines; glass forming machines; and after-sales services, such as spare parts and maintenance services. It also provides contract development and manufacturing services for customer-owned drug delivery devices. The company serves pharmaceutical, biotechnology, diagnostics, and life sciences companies; and drug product, glass packaging, and fill and finish contract manufacturers. The company was founded in 1949 and is headquartered in Piombino Dese, Italy. Stevanato Group S.p.A. is a subsidiary of Stevanato Holding S.R.L.;tech
STWD;Starwood Property Trust, Inc. operates as a real estate investment trust (REIT) in the United States and internationally. The company operates through four segments: Commercial and Residential Lending; Infrastructure Lending; Property; and Investing and Servicing. The Commercial and Residential Lending segment originates, acquires, finances, and manages commercial first mortgages, non-agency residential mortgages, subordinated mortgages, mezzanine loans, preferred equity, commercial mortgage-backed securities (CMBS), and residential mortgage-backed securities, as well as other real estate and real estate-related debt investments, including distressed or non-performing loans. The Infrastructure Lending segment originates, acquires, finances, and manages infrastructure debt investments. The Property segment engages primarily in acquiring and managing equity interests in stabilized and to be stabilized commercial real estate properties, including multifamily properties, that are held for investment. The Investing and Servicing segment manages and works out problem assets; acquires and manages unrated, investment grade, and non-investment grade rated CMBS comprising subordinated interests of securitization and re-securitization transactions; originates conduit loans for the primary purpose of selling these loans into securitization transactions; and acquires commercial real estate assets that include properties acquired from CMBS trusts. The company qualifies as a REIT for federal income tax purposes and would not be subject to federal corporate income taxes if it distributes at least 90% of its taxable income to its stockholders. Starwood Property Trust, Inc. was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in Miami Beach, Florida.;tech
STZ;Constellation Brands, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, produces, imports, markets, and sells beer, wine, and spirits in the United States, Canada, Mexico, New Zealand, and Italy. The company offers beer under the Corona Extra, Corona Familiar, Corona Hard Seltzer, Corona Light, Corona Non-Alcoholic, Corona Premier, Corona Refresca, Modelo Especial, Modelo Chelada, Modelo Negra, Modelo Oro, Victoria, Vicky Chamoy, and Pacifico brands. It also offers wine under the Cook's California Champagne, Kim Crawford, Meiomi, Mount Veeder, Ruffino, SIMI, My Favorite Neighbor, Robert Mondavi Winery, Schrader, and The Prisoner Wine Company brands; and spirits under the Casa Noble, Copper & Kings, High West, Mi CAMPO, Nelson's Green Brier, and SVEDKA brands. The company provides its products to wholesale distributors, retailers, on-premise locations, and state alcohol beverage control agencies. Constellation Brands, Inc. was founded in 1945 and is based in Rochester, New York.;tech
SU;Suncor Energy Inc. operates as an integrated energy company in Canada, the United States, and internationally. It operates through Oil Sands; Exploration and Production; and Refining and Marketing segments. The Oil Sands segment produces bitumen; and markets, supplies, and transports and manages crude oil, power, and byproducts. The Exploration and Production segment is involved in the offshore operations on the east coast of Canada, and onshore assets in Libya and Syria; and marketing and risk management of crude oil. The Refining and Marketing segment refines and supplies crude oil and intermediate feedstock into a range of petroleum and petrochemical products, as well as sells refined petroleum products to retail customers. This segment is also involved in the trading of crude oil and refined products, natural gas, and power. The company was formerly known as Suncor Inc. and changed its name to Suncor Energy Inc. in April 1997. Suncor Energy Inc. was founded in 1917 and is headquartered in Calgary, Canada.;tech
SUN;Sunoco LP, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the energy infrastructure and distribution of motor fuels in the United States. It operates in three segments: Fuel Distribution, Pipeline Systems, and Terminals. The Fuel Distribution segment distributes motor fuels and other petroleum products, such as propane and lubricating oil to third-party dealers and distributors, independent operators of commission agent locations, other commercial consumers of motor fuel, and retail locations; and leases real estate properties. This segment also offers non-fuel products, including in-store merchandise and company-operated retail stores food services, as well as credit card processing, car washes, lottery, and other services. The Pipeline Systems segment includes an integrated pipeline and terminal network comprising refined product, crude oil, and ammonia pipelines and terminals. The Terminals segment operates transmix processing facilities and refined product terminals; and provides blending, additive injections, handling, and filtering services. The company was formerly known as Susser Petroleum Partners LP and changed its name to Sunoco LP in 2014. Sunoco LP was founded in 1886 and is based in Dallas, Texas.;tech
SUPV;Grupo Supervielle S.A., a financial services holding company, provides various banking products and services in Argentina. The company operates through Personal & Business Banking, Corporate Banking, Bank Treasury, Insurance, and Asset Management and Other Services segments. It offers savings accounts, time and demand deposits, and checking accounts; various loan products, including personal, consumer, mortgage, unsecured, and car loans; overdrafts; loans with special facilities for project and working capital financing; and leasing, bank guarantees for tenants, salary advances, domestic and international factoring, international guarantees and letters of credit, payroll payment plans, credit and debit cards, and senior citizens benefit payment services, as well as financial services and investments, such as mutual funds and guarantees. The company also provides foreign trade and cash management; advisory services; treasury services; insurance products comprising life, home, personal accidents, technology, ATMs, protected bag, protected content, and integral insurance product for entrepreneurs and SME customers and other insurance policies; and asset management and other services, as well as operates as a digital online broker. It operates through a network of bank branches, ATMs, and self-service terminals, as well as cash dispensers with biometric identification systems. The company was formerly known as Inversiones y Participaciones S.A. and changed its name to Grupo Supervielle S.A. in November 2008. Grupo Supervielle S.A. was founded in 1887 and is based in Buenos Aires, Argentina.;tech
SUZ;Suzano S.A. manufactures and sells pulp and paper products in Brazil and internationally. It operates in two segments, Pulp, and Paper and Consumer Goods. The company offers coated and uncoated printing and writing papers, paperboards, tissue papers, and market and fluff pulps. It also engages in the research, development, and production of biofuel; operation of port terminals; biotechnology and nanocrystalline pulps research and development activities; power generation and distribution business; road freight transport activities; commercialization of equipment and parts; research and development of lignin; industrialization and commercialization of cellulose, microfiber cellulose, paper, and paperboard products; industrialization, commercialization, and exporting of pulp products; and commercialization of paper and computer materials. In addition, the company is involved in the business office, corporate venture capital, and financial fundraising activities; production of consumer goods through cellulose-based liquids; development and production of cellulose-based fibers, yarns, and textile filaments; restoration, conservation, and preservation of forests; and research of raw materials for the textile industry. The company was formerly known as Suzano Papel e Celulose S.A. and changed its name to Suzano S.A. in April 2019. The company was founded in 1924 and is headquartered in Salvador, Brazil.;tech
SVV;Savers Value Village, Inc. sells second-hand merchandise in retail stores in the United States, Canada, and Australia. It purchases secondhand textiles, including clothing, bedding, and bath items; shoes; accessories; housewares; books; and other goods from non-profit partners and then processes, selects, prices, merchandises, and sells them in its stores. The company operates stores under the Savers, Value Village, Value Village Boutique, Village des Valeurs, Unique, and 2nd Avenue brands. It serves retail and wholesale customers. The company was formerly known as S-Evergreen Holding LLC and changed its name to Savers Value Village, Inc. in January 2022. Savers Value Village, Inc. was founded in 1954 and is based in Bellevue, Washington.;tech
SW;Smurfit Westrock Plc, together with its subsidiaries, manufactures, distributes, and sells containerboard, corrugated containers, and other paper-based packaging products. The company produces containerboard; packaging of corrugated containers; consumer packaging; and offers solid board, kraft paper, and graphic board, as well as other packaging products, such as solidboard packaging, paper sacks and bag-in-box. It produces linerboard and corrugated medium, paperboard, and non-packaging grades of paper, as well as converted products, such as folding cartons and corrugated boxes, and other products; recycled paper-based packaging products; and packaging machinery. The company primarily serves food and beverage, e-commerce, retail, consumer goods, industrial, and foodservice markets in 40 countries. Smurfit Westrock Plc was founded in 1934 and is headquartered in Dublin, Ireland.;tech
SWK;Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. provides hand tools, power tools, outdoor products, and related accessories in the United States, Canada, Other Americas, Europe, and Asia. The company's Tools & Outdoor segment offers professional grade corded and cordless electric power tools and equipment, including drills, impact wrenches and drivers, grinders, saws, routers, concrete prep and placement tools, and sanders; pneumatic tools and fasteners, such as nail guns, nails, staplers and staples, and concrete and masonry anchors; corded and cordless electric power tools; hand-held vacuums, paint tools, and cleaning appliances; leveling and layout tools, planes, hammers, demolition tools, clamps, vises, knives, saws, chisels, and industrial and automotive tools; drill, screwdriver, router bits, abrasives, saw blades, and threading products; tool boxes, sawhorses, medical cabinets, and engineered storage solutions; and electric and gas-powered lawn and garden products. This segment sells its products under the DEWALT, CRAFTSMAN, CUB ADET, BLACK+DECKER, and HUSTLER brands through retailers, third-party distributors, independent dealers, and a direct sales force. Its Industrial segment provides threaded fasteners, blind rivets and tools, blind inserts and tools, drawn arc weld studs and systems, engineered plastic and mechanical fasteners, self-piercing riveting systems, precision nut running systems, micro fasteners, high-strength structural fasteners, axel swage, latches, heat shields, pins, couplings, fitting, and other engineered products; and attachments used on excavators and handheld tools. This segment sells its products through direct sales force and third-party distributors to the automotive, manufacturing, electronics, construction, aerospace, and other industries. The company was formerly known as The Stanley Works and changed its name to Stanley Black & Decker, Inc. in March 2010. The company was founded in 1843 and is headquartered in New Britain, Connecticut.;tech
SWX;Southwest Gas Holdings, Inc., through its subsidiaries, purchases, distributes, and transports natural gas for residential, commercial, and industrial customers in Arizona, Nevada, and California. The company operates through two segments, Natural Gas Distribution and Utility Infrastructure Services. It offers tariff sales and transportation services. The company also provides installation, replacement, repair, and maintenance of energy distribution systems, as well as undertakes gas construction works in North America. Southwest Gas Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in 1931 and is headquartered in Las Vegas, Nevada.;tech
SXI;Standex International Corporation manufactures and sells products and services for commercial and industrial markets in the United States and internationally. It operates through Electronics, Engineering Technologies, Scientific, Engraving, and Specialty Solutions segments. The company offers reed relays, fluid level, proximity, motion, flow, HVAC condensate, custom electronic and current sensors, instrument transformers, wound transformers, bushings, inductors, current sense and planar transformer technology, value added assemblies, mechanical packaging applications under the Standex Electronics, Standex-Meder Electronics, Renco Electronics, Northlake Engineering, Agile Magnetics, Sensor Solutions, Standex Electronics Japan, Minntronix, Nascentechnology, Sanyu, Amran Instruments, and Narayan Powertech brands. It also provides mold texturizing, slush molding tools, project management and design services, roll engraving, hygiene product tooling, low observation vents for stealth aircraft, and process machinery services under the Piazza Rosa, World Client Services, Tenibac-Graphion, GS Engineering, and Innovent brands. In addition, it provides specialty temperature-controlled equipment for medical, scientific, pharmaceutical, biotech, and industrial markets under the American BioTech Supply, Lab Research Products, Corepoint, Cryosafe, CryoGuard, and Custom Biogenic Systems brands; and net and near net formed single-source customized solutions for the aviation, aerospace, defense, energy, industrial, medical, marine, oil and gas, and manned and unmanned space markets under the Spincraft and McStarlite brands. Further, it offers refrigerated, heated, display cases, single and double acting telescopic, and piston rod hydraulic cylinders under the Federal and Custom Hoist brands. The company was founded in 1955 and is headquartered in Salem, New Hampshire.;tech
SXT;Sensient Technologies Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and markets colors, flavors, and other specialty ingredients worldwide. It operates in three segments: Flavors & Extracts, Color, and Asia Pacific. The Flavors & Extracts segment develops, manufactures, and supplies flavor systems under the Sensient Flavors and Sensient Natural Ingredients brands. This segment produces flavor, extract, and essential oil products; natural ingredients, such as dehydrated garlic, onion, and other natural ingredients for food processors; systems products, including flavor-delivery systems, and compounded and blended products; and selected ingredient products, such as natural and synthetic flavors, natural extracts, and essential oils. The Color segment develops, manufactures, and supplies colors. This segment provides natural and synthetic color systems for food, beverages, pharmaceuticals, and nutraceuticals sectors; colors and other ingredients for personal care, such as active ingredients, solubilizers, and surface treated pigments; pharmaceutical and nutraceutical excipients, such as colors, flavors, and coatings; and technical colors for industrial applications under the Sensient Food Colors, Sensient Pharmaceutical, Sensient Beauty, and Sensient Specialty Markets brand names. The Asia Pacific segment markets the company's product lines in the Pacific Rim under the Sensient name. Sensient Technologies Corporation was incorporated in 1882 and is headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.;tech
SYF;Synchrony Financial, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a consumer financial services company in the United States. It provides credit products, such as credit cards, commercial credit products, and consumer installment loans. The company also offers private label credit cards, dual and general purpose co-branded cards, short- and long-term installment loans, and consumer banking products; and deposit products, including certificates of deposit, individual retirement accounts, money market accounts, savings accounts, and sweep and affinity deposits, as well as accepts deposits through third-party securities brokerage firms. In addition, it provides debt cancellation products to its credit card customers through online and mobile channels; and healthcare payments and financing solutions under the CareCredit and Walgreens brands; payments and financing solutions in the apparel, specialty retail, outdoor, music, and luxury industries, such as American Eagle, Dick's Sporting Goods, Guitar Center, Kawasaki, Pandora, Polaris, Suzuki, and Sweetwater. The company offers its credit products through programs established with a group of national and regional retailers, local merchants, manufacturers, buying groups, industry associations, and healthcare service providers; and deposit products through various channels, such as digital and print. It serves digital, health and wellness, retail, home, auto, telecommunications, pet, outdoor, and other industries. The company was founded in 1932 and is headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut.;tech
SYK;Stryker Corporation operates as a medical technology company. It operates through two segments, MedSurg and Neurotechnology, and Orthopaedics. The MedSurg and Neurotechnology segment offers surgical equipment, and surgical navigation systems, endoscopic and communications systems, patient handling, emergency medical equipment and intensive care disposable products, clinical communication and  artificial intelligence-assisted virtual care platform technology, minimally invasive products for the treatment of acute ischemic and hemorrhagic stroke, cranial, and maxillofacial and chest wall devices, as well as dural substitutes and sealants; traditional brain and open skull based surgical procedures products; and orthobiologic and biosurgery products, including synthetic bone grafts and vertebral augmentation products. The Orthopaedics segment provides implants for use in total joint replacements, such as hip, knee and shoulder, and trauma and extremities surgeries; thoracolumbar systems that include fixation, minimally invasive and interbody systems used in spinal injury, complex spine and degenerative therapies. The company sells its products to doctors, hospitals, and other healthcare facilities through company-owned subsidiaries and branches, as well as third-party dealers and distributors in approximately 75 countries. Stryker Corporation was founded in 1941 and is headquartered in Portage, Michigan.;tech
SYY;Sysco Corporation, through its subsidiaries, engages in the marketing and distribution of various food and related products to the foodservice or food-away-from-home industry in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, France, and internationally. It operates through U.S. Foodservice Operations, International Foodservice Operations, SYGMA, and Other segments. The company distributes frozen food, such as meat, seafood, fully prepared entrées, fruits, vegetables, and desserts; canned and dry food products; fresh meat and seafood products; dairy products; beverages; imported specialties; and fresh produce products. It also supplies various non-food items, including paper products comprising disposable napkins, plates, and cups; tableware consisting of glassware and silverware; cookware, such as pots, pans, and utensils; restaurant and kitchen equipment and supplies; and cleaning supplies. It serves restaurants, hospitals and nursing facilities, schools and colleges, hotels and motels, industrial caterers, and other foodservice venues. Sysco Corporation was incorporated in 1969 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
T;AT&T Inc. provides telecommunications and technology services worldwide. The company operates through two segments, Communications and Latin America. The Communications segment offers wireless voice and data communications services; and sells handsets, wireless data cards, wireless computing devices, carrying cases/protective covers, and wireless chargers through its own company-owned stores, agents, and third-party retail stores. It also provides AT&T Dedicated Internet, fiber ethernet and broadband, fixed wireless, and hosted and managed professional services; and copper-based voice and data, Virtual Private Networks (VPN), wholesale, outsourcing, and IP, as well as customer premises equipment for multinational corporations, small and mid-sized businesses, governmental, and wholesale customers. In addition, this segment offers broadband services, including fiber connections, legacy telephony voice communication services, and other VoIP services and equipment to residential customers. This segment markets its communications services and products under the AT&T, AT&T Business, Cricket, AT&T PREPAID, AT&T Fiber, and AT&T Internet Air brand names. The Latin America segment provides postpaid and prepaid wireless services in Mexico under the AT&T and Unefon brand names, as well as sells smartphones through its stores, agents and third-party retail stores. The company was formerly known as SBC Communications Inc. and changed its name to AT&T Inc. in 2005. AT&T Inc. was incorporated in 1983 and is based in Dallas, Texas.;tech
TAC;TransAlta Corporation engages in the development, production, and sale of electric energy. It operates through Hydro, Wind and Solar, Gas, Energy Transition, and Energy Marketing segments. The Hydro segment holds interest of approximately 922 megawatts (MW) of owned hydroelectric generating capacity located in Alberta, British Columbia, and Ontario. The Wind and Solar segment has a net ownership interest of approximately 2,057 MW of owned wind and solar electrical-generating capacity, as well as battery storage facilities located in Alberta, Ontario, New Brunswick, and Québec in Canada; the states of Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Hampshire, North Carolina, Pennsylvania, Washington, and Wyoming in the United States; and the state of Western Australia. The Gas segment has a net ownership interest of approximately 2,775 MW of owned gas electrical-generating capacity, and facilities located in Alberta, Ontario, Michigan, and the state of Western Australia. The Energy Transition segment has a net ownership interest of approximately 671 MW of owned coal electrical-generating capacity, as well as operates the Skookumchuck hydro facility in Centralia; and engages in the highvale mine and the mine reclamation activities. The Energy Marketing segment is involved in the trading of power, natural gas, and environmental products. It serves customers in various industry segments, including commercial real estate, municipal, manufacturing, industrial, hospitality, finance, and oil and gas. TransAlta Corporation was founded in 1909 and is headquartered in Calgary, Canada.;tech
TAK;Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited engages in the research, development, manufacture, marketing, and out-licensing of pharmaceutical products in Japan and internationally. It offers pharmaceutical products in the areas of gastroenterology, rare diseases, plasma derived therapies, immunology, oncology, and neuroscience. The company provides its products under the Entyvio, Gattex/Revestive, Takecab/Vocinti, EOHILIA, Alofisel, Dexilant, Pantoloc/Controloc, Adynovate/Adynovi, Feiba, Recombinate, Hemofil/Immunate/Immunine, Takhzyro, Livtencity, ADZYNMA, Elaprase, Replagal, Advate, Flexbumin, Vpriv, Gammagard Liquid/Kiovig, Hyqvia, Cuvitru, Exkivity, FRUZAQLA, Ninlaro, Velcade, Azilva-F, Lotriga, Iclusig, Leuplin/Enantone, Adcetris, vyvanse/elvanse, Trintellix, QDENGA, and Alunbrig brands. It has in-license agreement with BioMarin, Luxna Biotech, GlaxoSmithKline, Halozyme, and Kamada; collaboration with Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc., Seagen Inc., Anima Biotech, Denali Therapeutics, KSQ Therapeutics, Noile-Immune Biotech, Center for iPS Cell Research Application, Kyoto University (CiRA), and Charles River Laboratories; licensing agreement with Mirum Pharmaceuticals and Twist Bioscience, UCSD/Fortis Advisors, PeptiDream, MD Anderson Cancer Center, Teva Pharmaceutical Industries, and Xenetic Biosciences; collaboration and licensing agreement with Arrowhead Pharmaceuticals Inc., Engitix, Genevant Sciences Corporation, Sosei Heptares, Zedira/Dr. Falk Pharma, Exelixis, Inc., GlaxoSmithKline, Heidelberg Pharma, HUTCHMED, Presage Biosciences, Codexis, Inc., Ensoma, Envozyne, KM Biologics, and Selecta BioScience, and Ovid Therapeutics Inc.; and collaboration with ZEDIRA GmbH and Dr. Falk Pharma GmbH. It has research collaboration and licensing agreement with Crescendo Biologics, Code Bio, Immusoft, Poseida Therapeutics, and Selecta Biosciences. The company was founded in 1781 and is headquartered in Tokyo, Japan.;tech
TAL;TAL Education Group provides K-12 after-school tutoring services in the People's Republic of China. It provides learning services primarily through small classes services; personalized premium services and online course offerings; and learning content solutions, such as print books, smart books, mobile apps, and AI-driven learning devices. The company also operates www.xueersi.com, an online education platform; provides investment management and consulting services; develops and sells software and networks, as well as related consulting services; and sells educational materials and products. It offers its services under the Haoweilai and Think Academy brands. The company was founded in 2003 and is headquartered in Beijing, the People's Republic of China.;tech
TALO;Talos Energy Inc., through its subsidiaries, engages in the exploration and production of oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquids in the United States and Mexico. It also engages in the development of carbon capture and sequestration. The company was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
TAP;Molson Coors Beverage Company manufactures, markets, and sells beer and other malt beverage products in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. The company offers flavored malt beverages including hard seltzers, craft, spirits, and ready to drink beverages. It provides its products under Arnold Palmer Spiked, Aspall Cider, Blue Moon, Beck's, Blue Run Spirits, Cobra, Corona Extra, Coors Original, Five Trail, Heineken, Leinenkugel's, Madri, Miller Genuine Draft, Molson Ultra, Peroni Nastro Azurro, Pilsner Urquell, Redd's, Sharp's, Simply Spiked, Sol, Staropramen, Stella Artois, Topo Chico Hard Seltzer, ZOA Energy, and Vizzy Hard Seltzer above premium brands; Bergenbier, Borsodi, Burgasko, Caraiman, Carling, Coors Banquet, Coors Light, Jelen, Kamenitza, Miller Lite, Molson Canadian brands, Niksicko, and Oujsko under the premium brands; and Branik, Icehouse, Keystone, Lowenbrau, Miller High Life, Milwaukee's Best, and Steel Reserve under the economy brands. The company was formerly known as Molson Coors Brewing Company and changed its name to Molson Coors Beverage Company in January 2020. Molson Coors Beverage Company was founded in 1774 and is based in Golden, Colorado.;tech
TBBB;BBB Foods Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates a chain of grocery retail stores in Mexico. The company offers spot products comprising food and non-food products, such as clothing, electronics, household goods, and others. It also provides branded and private label products. The company serves low-to-middle income households. BBB Foods Inc. was incorporated in 2004 and is headquartered in Mexico City, Mexico.;tech
TBI;TrueBlue, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides specialized workforce solutions in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Australia, and Puerto Rico. It operates through three segments: PeopleReady, PeopleManagement, and PeopleScout. The PeopleReady segment provides general, industrial, and skilled trade contingent staffing services for construction, transportation, manufacturing, retail, hospitality, and energy industries. The PeopleManagement segment offers contingent, on-site industrial staffing, and commercial driver services, which includes on-site management and recruitment for the contingent industrial workforce of manufacturing, warehousing, and distribution facilities; and recruitment and management of contingent and dedicated commercial drivers to the transportation and distribution industries under the Staff Management, SIMOS Insourcing Solutions, and Centerline Drivers brands. The PeopleScout segment provides recruitment process outsourcing, talent advisory services, and managed service provider solutions including sourcing, screening, hiring, and onboarding services; operates Affinix, a technology platform for sourcing, screening, and delivering a permanent workforce to its clients; talent advisory solutions, such as employer branding, recruitment marketing, talent insights, candidate assessment, and talent acquisition strategy consulting services; and contingent labor programs, including vendor selection, performance management, compliance monitoring, and risk management. The company was formerly known as Labor Ready, Inc. and changed its name to TrueBlue, Inc. in December 2007. The company was incorporated in 1985 and is headquartered in Tacoma, Washington.;tech
TD;The Toronto-Dominion Bank, together with its subsidiaries, provides various financial products and services in Canada, the United States, and internationally. It operates through four segments: Canadian Personal and Commercial Banking, U.S. Retail, Wealth Management and Insurance, and Wholesale Banking. The company offers personal deposits, such as chequing, savings, and investment products; financing, investment, cash management, international trade, and day-to-day banking services to businesses; and financing options to customers at point of sale for automotive and recreational vehicle purchases. It also provides credit cards and payments; real estate secured lending, auto finance, and consumer lending services; point-of-sale payment solutions for large and small businesses; wealth and asset management products, and advice to retail and institutional clients through direct investing, advice-based, and asset management businesses; and property and casualty insurance, as well as life and health insurance products. The company also provides capital markets, and corporate and investment banking products and services, including underwriting and distribution of new debt and equity issues; advice on strategic acquisitions and divestitures; and trading, funding, and investment services to corporations, governments, and institutions. The Toronto-Dominion Bank was founded in 1855 and is headquartered in Toronto, Canada.;tech
TDC;Teradata Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides a connected hybrid cloud analytics and data platform in the United States and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Product Sales and Consulting Services. It offers Teradata Vantage, an open and connected platform designed to leverage data across an enterprise. The company's consulting services include support services for organizations to establish a data analytics and AI/ML vision, enable a hybrid ecosystem architecture, and identify and operationalize opportunities. It offers support and maintenance services. The company serves clients in financial services, government, healthcare and life sciences, public, manufacturing, retail, telecommunications, and travel/transportation sectors through a direct sales force. Teradata Corporation was incorporated in 1979 and is headquartered in San Diego, California.;tech
TDF;Templeton Dragon Fund, Inc. is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched by Franklin Resources, Inc. The fund is managed by Templeton Asset Management Ltd. It invests in the public equity markets of China. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in value stocks of companies. The fund employs fundamental analysis focusing on factors like growth prospects, competitive positions in export markets, technologies, research and development, productivity, labor costs, raw material costs and sources, profit margins, returns on investment, capital resources, government regulation, and management to create its portfolio. It is actively managed. Templeton Dragon Fund, Inc. was formed on September 20, 1994 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
TDG;TransDigm Group Incorporated designs, produces, and supplies aircraft components in the United States and internationally. The Power & Control segment offers mechanical/electro-mechanical actuators and controls, ignition systems and engine technology, specialized pumps and valves, power conditioning devices, specialized AC/DC electric motors and generators, batteries and chargers, databus and power controls, sensor products, switches and relay panels, hoists, winches and lifting devices, delivery systems and electronic components, and cargo loading and handling systems. This segment serves engine and power system and subsystem suppliers, airlines, third party maintenance suppliers, military buying agencies, and repair depots. The Airframe segment provides engineered latching and locking devices, engineered rods, engineered connectors and elastomer sealing solutions, cockpit security components and systems, cockpit displays, engineered audio, radio and antenna systems, lavatory components, seat belts and safety restraints, engineered and customized interior surfaces and related components, thermal protection and insulation products, lighting and control technology, parachutes, specialized flight, wind tunnel and jet engine testing services and equipment, and testing and instrumentation solutions. This segment serves airframe manufacturers, cabin system and subsystem suppliers, airlines, third party maintenance suppliers, military buying agencies, and repair depots. The Non-aviation segment offers seat belts and safety restraints; mechanical/electromechanical actuators and controls; hydraulic/electromechanical actuators and fuel valves; refueling systems; and turbine controls. This segment serves off-road vehicle and subsystem suppliers, child restraint system suppliers, and satellite and space system suppliers; and manufacturers of heavy equipment. TransDigm Group Incorporated was founded in 1993 and is based in Cleveland, Ohio.;tech
TDOC;Teladoc Health, Inc. provides virtual healthcare services worldwide. It operates through Teladoc Health Integrated Care and BetterHelp segments. The Integrated Care segment offers virtual medical services, including general medical, expert medical, specialty medical, chronic condition management, and mental health, as well as enabling technologies and enterprise telehealth solutions for hospitals and health systems. The BetterHelp segment operates a mental health platform that provides online counselling and therapy services through website, mobile applications, phones, and text-based interactions by its licensed clinicians. The company offers its products and services under the Teladoc, Livongo, and BetterHelp brands. It serves employers, health plans, hospitals and health systems, and insurance and financial services companies, as well as individual members. The company was formerly known as Teladoc, Inc. and changed its name to Teladoc Health, Inc. in August 2018. Teladoc Health, Inc. was incorporated in 2002 and is headquartered in Purchase, New York.;tech
TDS;Telephone and Data Systems, Inc., a telecommunications company, provides communications services to consumer, business, and government in the United States. It operates through three segments: UScellular Wireless, UScellular Towers, and TDS Telecom. The company offers wireless solutions, including a suite of connected Internet of things (IoT) solutions, and software applications for monitor and control, business automation/operations, communication, fleet/asset/video management solutions, security solutions, private cellular networks, and custom and bespoke end-to-end IoT solutions, as well as professional and managed services, such as staff augmentation, IPX services, and SIM management; and critical connectivity solutions comprising wireless priority services and quality priority and preemption options. It also provides devices, such as smartphones and other handsets, tablets, wearables, mobile hotspots, fixed wireless home internet, and IoT devices; accessories, including wireless essentials which include cases, screen protectors, cables, chargers, memory cards, as well as consumer electronics, comprising bluetooth audio, wi-fi enabled cameras, and networking products. In addition, the company offers replace and repair services; Trade-In program through which it buys customers' used equipment; internet connections and all-home Wi-Fi services; TDS TV+, an integrated cloud television platform; local and long-distance telephone service, voice over internet protocol, and enhanced services; broadband, IP-based services, and hosted voice and video collaboration services; and communication services in underserved areas. The company sells and distributes its products through third-party direct sales, retail stores, sales agents, and an online platform to sell services and products. Telephone and Data Systems, Inc. was incorporated in 1968 and is based in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
TDW;Tidewater Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides offshore support vessels and marine support services to the offshore energy industry through the operation of a fleet of offshore marine service vessels worldwide. The company offers support in phases of offshore oil and gas exploration, field development and production, and windfarm development and maintenance; towing, anchor handling, and mobile offshore drilling units; transporting supplies and personnel necessary to drilling, workover, and production activities; offshore construction and seismic and subsea support; geotechnical survey support for windfarm construction; and pipe and cable laying. It operates anchor handling towing supply vessels, platform supply vessels, and other vessel classes, as well as crew boats, utility vessels, and offshore tugs. The company serves integrated and independent oil and gas exploration, field development, and production companies; mid-sized and smaller independent exploration and production companies; foreign government-owned or government controlled organizations that explore for, develop, and produce oil and gas; offshore drilling contractors; and other companies that provide various services to the offshore energy industry, such as offshore construction, windfarm development, diving, and well stimulation companies. Tidewater Inc. was incorporated in 1956 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
TDY;Teledyne Technologies Incorporated provides enabling technologies for industrial growth markets in the United States, Europe, Asia, and internationally. Its Digital Imaging segment provides visible spectrum sensors and digital cameras; and infrared, ultraviolet, visible, and X-ray spectra products, as well as micro electromechanical systems and semiconductors, including analog-to-digital and digital-to-analog converters. This segment offers cooled and uncooled infrared or thermal products, including sensors, camera cores, and camera systems; high-resolution, low-dose X-ray sensors, high-power microwave, and high-energy X-ray subsystems; and instruments for the measurement of physical properties and maritime products, as well as develops and manufactures multi-spectrum electro-optic/infrared imaging systems and associated products, such as lasers, optics, and radars, CBRNE (Chemical, Biological, Radiological, Nuclear and Explosive detectors), and unmanned air and ground systems. The company's Instrumentation segment offers monitoring, control, and electronic test and measurement equipment; and power and communications connectivity devices for distributed instrumentation systems and sensor networks. The company's Aerospace and Defense Electronics segment provides electronic components and subsystems, data acquisition and communications components and equipment, harsh environment interconnects, general aviation batteries, and other components; and onboard avionics systems and ground-based applications, aircraft data and connectivity solutions, hardware systems, and software applications. Its Engineered Systems segment offers systems engineering and integration, technology development, and manufacturing solutions for defense, space, environmental, and energy applications; and designs and manufactures electrochemical energy systems and electronics for military applications. The company was founded in 1960 and is headquartered in Thousand Oaks, California.;tech
TE;T1 Energy Inc. provides energy solutions for solar and batteries in the United States and Norway. It also manufactures and sells photovoltaic solar modules. The company was formerly known as FREYR Battery, Inc. and changed its name to T1 Energy Inc. in February 2025. T1 Energy Inc. is headquartered in Austin, Texas.;tech
TEAF;Tortoise Essential Assets Income Term Fund is a closed-ended balanced mutual fund launched and managed by Tortoise Capital Advisors L.L.C. It invests in equity and fixed income markets. The fund seeks to invest in securities of companies operating in the essential asset sectors, which includes education, housing, healthcare, social and human services, power, water, energy, infrastructure, basic materials, industrial, transportation and telecommunications sectors. The fund primarily seeks to invest in stocks of companies across all market capitalizations, as well as in corporate and government issues debt securities. Its corporate debt investment include high yield securities of any maturity. The fund also invests in private equities. It employs both fundamental and quantitative analysis with a focus on such proprietary financial, risk and valuation models to create its portfolio. The fund was formerly known as Tortoise Essential Assets Income 2024 Term Fund, Inc. Tortoise Essential Assets Income Term Fund was formed in 2017 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
TECK;Teck Resources Limited engages in research, exploration, development, processing, smelting, refining, and reclamation of mineral properties in Asia, the Americas, and Europe. The company operates through Copper and Zinc segments. It offers copper, zinc, and lead concentrates, as well as refined zinc, lead, and silver. The company also produces lead, precious metals, molybdenum, fertilizers, and other metals; and sells refined metals or concentrates. In addition, it explores for gold. The company was formerly known as Teck Cominco Limited and changed its name to Teck Resources Limited in April 2009. Teck Resources Limited was founded in 1913 and is based in Vancouver, Canada.;tech
TEF;Telefónica, S.A., together with its subsidiaries, provides telecommunications services in Europe and Latin America. The company offers mobile and related services and products, including mobile voice, value added, mobile data and internet, wholesale, corporate, roaming, fixed wireless, and trunking and paging services; traditional fixed telecommunication services, such as PSTN lines; ISDN accesses; public telephone services; local, domestic, and international long-distance and fixed-to-mobile communications; corporate communications; supplementary value-added services; video telephony; intelligent network; telephony information services; and leases and sells handset equipment. It also provides internet provider service; portal and network, retail and wholesale broadband access, narrowband switched access and other technologies, internet through fibre to the home, very high bit-rate digital subscriber line, and voice over internet protocol services; leased line, virtual private network, fibre optics, web and managed hosting, content delivery and application, security, and outsourcing and consultancy services, including network management or CGP; and desktop, system integration, and professional services. In addition, the company offers wholesale services for telecommunication operators, such as domestic interconnection and international wholesale services; leased lines for other operators; and local loop leasing services, as well as bit stream services, wholesale line rental accesses, and leased ducts for other operators' fiber deployment. Further, it provides video/TV services; smart connectivity and services; financial and other payment, cloud, security, advertising, and big data services; digital products; Aura, an artificial-intelligence ecosystem; Movistar Home device; open gateway; living apps; smart Wi-Fi; NT; Solar 360; and Phoenix, a digital sales platform. Telefónica, S.A. was incorporated in 1924 and is headquartered in Madrid, Spain.;tech
TEI;Templeton Emerging Markets Income Fund is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Franklin Resources, Inc. It is managed by Franklin Advisers, Inc. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of emerging market countries across the globe. It primarily invests in bonds issued by sovereign or sovereign-related entities and private sector companies. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the J.P. Morgan Emerging Markets Bond Index. Templeton Emerging Markets Income Fund was formed on September 23, 1993 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
TEL;TE Connectivity plc, together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells connectivity and sensor solutions in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the AsiaPacific, and the Americas. The company operates through two reportable segments, Transportation Solutions and Industrial Solutions. It provides antennas, application tooling, cable assemblies, connectors, electromagnetic compatibility/electromagnetic interference solutions, energy and power, fiber optics, heat shrink tubing, identification and labeling, medical components, passive components, relays and contactors, sensors, switches, terminals and splices, wires and cables, and wire protection and management solutions. The company also offers training and other services, including 3D printing for production, back shells prototyping, electrical installation training, HarnWare software, machine tooling service and repair, medical device design services, and microfluidic devices, as well as conducts automotive webinars. It serves 5G and wireless equipment, aerospace, appliances, automation and control, automotive, autosport, commercial and industrial vehicles, connected home, data centers and artificial intelligence, defense and military, energy solutions, e-mobility, industrial machinery, intelligent buildings, IoT connectivity, medical technologies, oil and gas/marine, personal electronics and wearable technology, rail, sensor applications, space, and other industries. The company was formerly known as Tyco Electronics Ltd. and changed its name to TE Connectivity plc in March 2011. TE Connectivity plc was founded in 1941 and is based in Ballybrit, Ireland.;tech
TEO;Telecom Argentina S.A., together with its subsidiaries, provides telecommunications services. The company offers mobile telecommunications services, including voice communications, high-speed mobile internet content and applications download, online streaming, and other services; and sells mobile communication devices, such as handsets, modems MiFi and wingles, and smart watches. It also offers internet connectivity products, including virtual private network services, traditional internet protocol links, and other products; and programming and other cable television services. In addition, the company provides telephone services, including local, domestic, and international long-distance telephone services, as well as public telephone services; and other related supplementary services, such as call waiting, call forwarding, conference calls, caller ID, voice mail, itemized billing, and maintenance services. Further, it offers infrastructure, interconnection, datacenter, internet, value added, and international long-distance services; and data services, including data transmission, virtual private networks, symmetric internet access, national and international signal transport, and videoconferencing services; Personal Pay, a digital wallet service. The company also offers broadcasting, cable television, financial, cybersecurity, ICT services and audiovisual communication, content platform and related services; security solutions and services; closed-circuit and community closed-circuit television, as well as investment and consulting services. The company was formerly known as Cablevisión S.A. and changed its name to Telecom Argentina S.A. in January 2018. Telecom Argentina S.A. was founded in 1979 and is based in Buenos Aires, Argentina.;tech
TEVA;Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited develops, manufactures, markets, and distributes generic and other medicines, and biopharmaceutical products in the United States, Europe, Israel, and internationally. It offers generic medicines in various dosage forms, such as tablets, capsules, injectables, inhalants, liquids, transdermal patches, ointments, and creams; sterile products, hormones, high-potency drugs, and cytotoxic substances in parenteral and solid dosage forms; and generic products with medical devices and combination products. The company also focuses on the central nervous system (CNS), respiratory, and oncology areas. It provides active pharmaceutical ingredients, as well as contract manufacturing services; and operates an out-licensing platform that offers a portfolio of products to other pharmaceutical companies. The company also offers BENDEKA and TREANDA injections for the treatment of chronic lymphocytic leukemia and indolent b-cell non-hodgkin's lymphoma; COPAXONE to treat patients with relapsing forms of multiple sclerosis; AJOVY for the preventive treatment of migraine in adults; AUSTEDO to treat neurodegenerative and movement disorders  chorea associated with Huntington's disease and tardive dyskinesia; UZEDY for the treatment of schizophrenia; ProAir RespiClick inhalation powder; QVAR RediHaler to treat asthma; BRALTUS, a long-acting muscarinic antagonist; CINQAIR/CINQAERO injection; DuoResp Spiromax budesonide and formoterol powder inhaler; and AirDuo RespiClick fluticasone propionate and salmeterol inhalation powder. The company offers its OTC products under the SUDOCREM, NasenDuo, DICLOX FORTE, OLFEN Max, and FLEGAMINA brand names. It has collaboration agreements with MedinCell S.A.; Sanofi; Alvotech; and Biolojic Design Ltd., as well as license agreement with MODAG GmbH. The company was founded in 1901 and is based in Tel Aviv, Israel.;tech
TEX;Terex Corporation provides materials processing machinery and mobile elevating work platform worldwide. The MP segment offers crushers, washing systems, screens, trommels, apron feeders, material handlers, pick and carry cranes, rough terrain cranes, tower cranes, wood processing, biomass and recycling equipment, concrete mixer trucks and concrete pavers, conveyors, and replacement parts under the Terex, Powerscreen, Fuchs, EvoQuip, Canica, Cedarapids, CBI, Simplicity, Franna, Terex Ecotec, Finlay, ProAll, ZenRobotics, Terex Washing Systems, Terex MPS, Terex Jaques, Terex Advance, ProStack, Terex Bid-Well, MDS, MARCO, MAGNA, Green-Tec, and Terex Recycling Systems brands. Its products are used in construction, infrastructure, and recycling projects; quarrying, mining, and material handling applications; maintenance applications to lift equipment or material; and landscaping and biomass production industries. The AWP segment provides aerial work platform equipment, utility equipment, and telehandlers under the Terex and Genie brands; and portable material lifts, portable aerial work platforms, trailer-mounted articulating booms, self-propelled articulating and telescopic booms, and scissor lifts for construction and maintenance of industrial, commercial, institutional, and residential buildings and facilities, transmission and distribution lines, construction and foundation drilling applications, commercial operations, and tree trimming and various infrastructure projects. The ESG segments offers refuse collection bodies, hydraulic cart lifters, automated carry cans, compaction, balers, recycling equipment, and cameras under the Heil, Marathon, 3rd Eye, Soft-Pak, Connected Collections, Parts Central, Curotto-Can, and Bayne Thinline brands; and waste hauler software solutions. The company offers financing solutions to assist customers in the rental, leasing, and acquisition of its products. The company was founded in 1933 and is based in Norwalk, Connecticut.;tech
TFC;Truist Financial Corporation, a financial services company, provides banking and trust services in the Southeastern and Mid-Atlantic United States. The company operates through two segments, Consumer and Small Business Banking; and Wholesale Banking. Its deposit products include noninterest-bearing checking, interest-bearing checking, savings, and money market deposit accounts, as well as certificates of deposit and individual retirement accounts. The company also provides funding; asset management; automobile lending; credit card lending; consumer finance; home equity and mortgage lending; other direct retail lending; home mortgage lending; Investment brokerage services; mobile/online banking; payment solutions; point-of-sale lending; retail and small business deposit products; and small business lending. In addition, it offers asset-based lending, commercial deposit and treasury services; commercial lending; floor plan lending; derivatives; institutional trust services; insurance premium finance; international banking; investment banking and capital markets services; leasing; merchant services; mortgage warehouse lending; real estate lending; supply chain financing; and wealth management/private banking. The company was formerly known as BB&T Corporation and changed its name to Truist Financial Corporation in December 2019. Truist Financial Corporation was founded in 1872 and is headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina.;tech
TFII;TFI International Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides transportation and logistics services in the United States, Mexico, and Canada. It operates through Less-Than-Truckload (LTL), Truckload (TL), and Logistics segments. The LTL segment is involved in the pickup, consolidation, transportation, and delivery of smaller loads. The TL segment offers expedited transportation, flatbed, tank, container, and dedicated services. This segment also carries full loads directly from the customer to the destination using a closed van or specialized equipment. The Logistics segment provides asset-light logistics services, including brokerage, freight forwarding, and transportation management, as well as small package parcel delivery. As of December 31, 2024, it operates 14,243 trucks, 45,453 trailers, and 7, 592 independent contractors. The company was formerly known as TransForce Inc. and changed its name to TFI International Inc. in December 2016. TFI International Inc. was founded in 1957 and is headquartered in Saint-Laurent, Canada.;tech
TFIN;Triumph Financial, Inc., a financial holding company, provides banking, factoring, payments, and intelligence services in the United States. The company offers deposit products, including checking, savings, money market, and certificates of deposit; and loan products, such as commercial real estate, land, commercial construction and land development, residential real estate, commercial agriculture, and consumer loans, as well as commercial and industrial loans, equipment loans, asset-based loans, business loans for working capital and operational purposes, and liquid credit loans. It also provides electronic banking services, debit cards, insurance brokerage services, mortgage warehouse facilities, and transportation factoring services; payments services offered through TriumphPay platform, a payments network for the over-the-road trucking industry; and LoadPay product, a digital bank account developed for Carriers, as well as provides service and performance scoring and benchmarking to the over-the-road trucking industry. The company was formerly known as Triumph Bancorp, Inc. and changed its name to Triumph Financial, Inc. in December 2022. Triumph Financial, Inc. was incorporated in 2003 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
TFX;Teleflex Incorporated designs, develops, manufactures, and supplies single-use medical devices for common diagnostic and therapeutic procedures in critical care and surgical applications worldwide. It provides vascular access products that comprise Arrow branded catheters, catheter navigation and tip positioning systems, and intraosseous bone access systems for the administration of intravenous therapies, the measurement of blood pressure, and the collection of blood samples. The company also offers interventional products, including various coronary catheters, structural heart support devices, peripheral intervention products, and mechanical circulatory support platform; and Arrow branded intra-aortic balloon pumps and catheters, Guideliner, Turnpike, and Trapliner catheters, the Manta Vascular Closure, and Arrow Oncontrol devices. It provides anesthesia products, such as airway, pain management, and hemostatic products to support hospital, emergency medicine, and military channels; and surgical products, including metal and polymer ligating clips, and fascial closure surgical systems that are used in laparoscopic surgical procedures, percutaneous surgical systems, and other surgical instruments. The company also offers interventional urology products comprising the UroLift System, an invasive technology for treating lower urinary tract symptoms; respiratory products, including oxygen and aerosol therapies, spirometry, and ventilation management products for use in various care settings; urology products, such as catheters, urine collectors, and catheterization accessories and products for operative endourology, as well as bladder management services; and OEM products, which includes the TFX Medical OEM, TFX OEM, Deknatel, and HPC Medical brands. It serves hospitals and healthcare providers, medical device manufacturers, and home care markets. Teleflex Incorporated was incorporated in 1943 and is headquartered in Wayne, Pennsylvania.;tech
TG;Tredegar Corporation, through its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells aluminum extrusions, and polyethylene and polypropylene plastic films in the United States and internationally. It operates through Aluminum Extrusions and PE Films segments. The Aluminum Extrusions segment produces soft and medium strength alloyed, custom fabricated, and finished aluminum extrusions for the building and construction, automotive and transportation, consumer durable goods, machinery and equipment, electrical and renewable energy, and distribution markets; and manufactures mill, machined, anodized and painted and thermally improved aluminum extrusions to fabricators and distributors. This segment also manufactures and sells products, such as flooring trims under the Futura Transitions brand name; and structural aluminum framing systems under the TSLOTS brand name. The PE Films segment produces surface protection films used for protecting components of flat panel and flexible displays that are used in televisions, monitors, notebooks, smart phones, tablets, e-readers, electronic shelf labels, and automobiles under the UltraMask, ForceField, ForceField PEARL, Pearl A, and Obsidian brands. This segment provides polyethylene overwrap for bathroom tissue and paper towels and films for other markets. Tredegar Corporation was incorporated in 1988 and is headquartered in Richmond, Virginia.;tech
TGE;The Generation Essentials Group, a media and entertainment company, engages in fashion, arts, lifestyle, cultural, and entertainment businesses worldwide. It publishes print publications and digital content, including L'Officiel, The Art Newspaper, and DigFin. The company also produces and invests in movies; holds premium building properties; and provides hospitality services in Hong Kong and Singapore, as well as operates IP extended business in the areas of F&B. In addition, it hosts cultural events, as well as conducts strategic investment business and holds equity investment in Chinese regional banks. The company was founded in 2022 and is based in Paris, France.;tech
TGLS;Tecnoglass Inc. manufactures, supplies, and installs architectural glass, windows, and associated aluminum and vinyl products for commercial and residential construction markets in Colombia, the United States, Panama, and internationally. The company provides low emissivity, laminated/thermo-laminated, thermo-acoustic, tempered, silk-screened, curved, and digital print glass products. It offers aluminum products, including bars, plates, profiles, rods, and tubes that are used in the manufacture of architectural glass settings, such as windows, doors, spatial separators, and related products under the Alutions brand name. In addition, the company offers curtain wall/floating facades, stick facade systems, windows and doors, interior dividers and commercial display windows, and hurricane-proof windows; StormArmour, that are attachment for sliding doors, and other products, such as awnings, structures, and automatic doors; and other components of architectural systems. It markets and sells its products primarily under the Tecnoglass, ESWindows, Alutions, Energia Solar, Tecnoglass, Alutions, Eswindows, Tecnobend, Tecnoair, Tecnosmart, ECOMAX by ESWINDOWS, ESWINDOWS Interiors, ESW Windows and Walls, Solartec by Tecnoglass, Prestige by ESWINDOWS, Eli by ESWINDOWS, Alessia by ESWINDOWS, Elite Line by ESWindows, ULTRAVIEW by Tecnoglass, and MULTIMAX by ESWIDOWS brand names through internal and independent sales representatives, as wells as directly to distributors. It serves developers, general contractors or installers for hotels, office buildings, shopping centers, airports, universities, hospitals, and multifamily and residential buildings. The company was founded in 1983 and is based in Barranquilla, Colombia.;tech
TGNA;TEGNA Inc. operates as a journalism company in the United States. The company engages in content and tools to help people navigate their daily lives. It also offers marketing solution. In addition, the company provides news content to consumers across various platforms, including online, mobile, connected television, and social platforms; owns and operates multicast networks under the names True Crime Network and Quest. TEGNA Inc. was founded in 1906 and is headquartered in Tysons, Virginia.;tech
TGS;Transportadora de Gas del Sur S.A. engages in transportation of natural gas, and production and commercialization of natural gas liquids in Argentina and internationally. The company operates through four segments: Natural Gas Transportation Services; Liquids Production and Commercialization; Midstream; and Telecommunications. The Natural Gas Transportation segment transports natural gas through pipeline system to distribution companies, power plants, and industrial customers. It provides operation and maintenance services for the natural gas transportation facilities. The Liquids Production and Commercialization segment produces and commercializes natural gas liquids, such as ethane, liquid petroleum gas, natural gasoline, propane, and butane. This segment offers certain related services comprising reception, storage, and dispatch of the liquids. The Midstream segment provides natural gas conditioning services; treatment, removal of impurities and natural gas compression, including the collection and transport of natural gas; and inspection and maintenance of pipelines and compressor plants services. In addition, this segment offers steam generation for electricity production and management services for expansion works and steam generation for the production of electricity. The Telecommunications segment offers data transmission services through a network of digital terrestrial radio relay. It serves residential, commercial, industrial, and electric power generation end users. The company was incorporated in 1992 and is headquartered in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Transportadora de Gas del Sur S.A. is a subsidiary of Compañía de Inversiones de Energía S.A.;tech
TGT;Target Corporation operates as a general merchandise retailer in the United States. The company offers apparel for women, men, young adults, kids, toddlers, and babies, as well as jewelry, accessories, and shoes; and beauty products, such as skin and bath care, cosmetics, hair care, oral care, deodorant, and shaving products. It also provides food and beverage products comprising dry and perishable grocery, including snacks, candy, beverages, deli, bakery, meat, produce, and food service; electronics which includes video games and consoles, toys, sporting goods, entertainment, and luggage; bed and bath, home décor, school/office supplies, storage, small appliances, kitchenware, greeting cards, party supplies, furniture, lighting, home improvement, and seasonal merchandise; and household essentials, such as household cleaning, paper products, over-the-counter healthcare, vitamins and supplements, baby gear, and pet supplies. In addition, the company sells merchandise through periodic design and creative partnerships, and shop-in-shop experience; and in-store amenities. It sells its products through its stores; and digital channels, including Target.com. Target Corporation was incorporated in 1902 and is headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota.;tech
THC;Tenet Healthcare Corporation operates as a diversified healthcare services company in the United States. The company operates through two segments: Hospital Operations and Services, and Ambulatory Care. Its general hospitals offer acute care services, operating and recovery rooms, radiology and respiratory therapy services, clinical laboratories, and pharmacies. The company also provides intensive and critical care, and/or coronary care units; cardiovascular, digestive disease, neurosciences, musculoskeletal, and obstetrics services; outpatient services, including physical therapy; tertiary care services, such as cardiothoracic surgery, complex spinal surgery, neonatal intensive care, and neurosurgery services; pediatric quaternary care services in heart, liver, and kidney transplants; and limb salvaging vascular procedure, acute level 1 trauma, intravascular stroke care, minimally invasive cardiac valve replacement, imaging technology, surgical robotic, and telemedicine access services. In addition, it offers a range of procedures and services, such as orthopedics, total joint replacement, and spinal and other musculoskeletal procedures; gastroenterology; pain management; otolaryngology; ophthalmology; and urology. It operates hospitals, ambulatory surgery centers, urgent care centers, imaging centers, surgical hospitals, off-campus emergency departments, and micro-hospitals. Tenet Healthcare Corporation was founded in 1967 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
THG;The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides various property and casualty insurance products and services in the United States. The company operates through four segments: Core Commercial, Specialty, Personal Lines, and Other. It offers commercial multiple peril, workers' compensation, commercial automobile, and other commercial lines coverage; and professional and executive lines, marine, and surety and other, as well as specialty property and casualty comprising Hanover program business, excess and surplus business, Hanover specialty industrial, and specialty general liability business coverage. The company also provides personal automobile; and homeowners and other personal lines, including residences and personal property, liability claims, personal umbrella, inland marine, fire, personal watercraft, personal cyber, and other miscellaneous coverages. It markets its products and services through independent agents and brokers. The company was formerly known as Allmerica Financial Corp. and changed its name to The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. in December 2005. The Hanover Insurance Group, Inc. was founded in 1852 and is headquartered in Worcester, Massachusetts.;tech
THIR;The fund seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing its total assets in securities included in the index. The rules-based index is comprised of U.S. index ETFs. The primary goal of the index is to gain exposure to U.S. large cap equities while attempting to lower volatility by avoiding indexes and ETFs that are currently in a down trending cycle, in the view of the Adviser.;tech
THLV;The fund seeks to achieve its investment objective by investing at least 80% of its total assets in securities included in the index. The rules-based index is comprised of U.S. equity exchange traded funds (“ETFs”). The primary goal of the index is to gain exposure to U.S. large cap equities while attempting to lower volatility by avoiding sectors that are currently in a down trending cycle.;tech
THO;THOR Industries, Inc. designs, manufactures, and sells recreational vehicles (RVs), and related parts and accessories in the United States, Germany, Canada, rest of Europe, and internationally. The company offers travel trailers; gasoline and diesel Class A, Class B, and Class C motorhomes; conventional travel trailers and fifth wheels; luxury fifth wheels; and motorcaravans, caravans, campervans, and urban vehicles. It also provides aluminum extrusion and specialized component products to RV and other manufacturers. The company provides its products through independent and non-franchise dealers. THOR Industries, Inc. was founded in 1980 and is based in Elkhart, Indiana.;tech
THQ;Abrdn Healthcare Opportunities Fund is a closed ended balanced mutual fund launched and managed by abrdn Inc. The fund invests in public equity and fixed income markets across the globe. It seeks to invest in securities of companies operating in the healthcare sector. The fund also invests in pooled investment vehicles. For its fixed income portion, the fund invests in corporate debt securities across the credit rating spectrum. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 1500 Healthcare Index and S&P 500 Index. Abrdn Healthcare Opportunities Fund was formed on April 2, 2014 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
THR;Thermon Group Holdings, Inc. provides engineered industrial process heating solutions for process industries in the United States and Latin America, Canada, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia-Pacific. The company offers heat tracing solutions, including software automated engineering design services, heat tracing products, smart connected control and monitoring systems, construction services, and maintenance services; tubing bundle solutions comprising bundle design services, heated, and insulated sample lines; temporary power systems; heated blankets; and electric heat tracing cables, steam heating solutions, controls, monitoring and software, instrumentation, project services, industrial heating and filtration solutions, temporary electrical power distribution and lighting, and other complementary products and services. It also provides controls, monitoring, and software systems for the control and management of a heat trace system; environmental heating solutions that offer electric or gas-powered space heating for hazardous and non-hazardous areas under the Ruffneck, Norsemen, and Catadyne brands; process heating solutions under the Caloritech brand name; filtration solutions under the 3L Filters brand; rail and transit solutions under the Hellfire, Velocity, ArcticSense, and other brand names; and electric resistance, electrode, and fired coil tube boilers under the Vapor Power, Precision Boilers, and Caloritech brands. In addition, the company offers project services, such as engineering and design, procurement and project management, turnkey construction installation, recurring facility assessment or audit, and maintenance services. Further, it operates an electron cross-linking facility. The company serves the general industrial, chemical and petrochemical, oil, gas, power generation, commercial, food and beverage, rail and transit, and other markets. Thermon Group Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1954 and is headquartered in Austin, Texas.;tech
THS;TreeHouse Foods, Inc. manufactures and distributes private brands snacks and beverages in the United States and internationally. The company provides snacking products, such as crackers, pretzels, in-store bakery items, frozen griddle items, cookies, and candies; and beverage and drink mixes, including non-dairy creamer, coffee, broths/stocks, powdered beverages and other blends, tea, and ready-to-drink-beverages. It also offers groceries comprising pickles, refrigerated dough, hot cereal, and cheese and puddings, as well as natural, organic, and gluten-free products. The company sells its products through various distribution channels, including retailers, foodservice distributors, food-away-from-home customers, refrigerated and frozen formats, and co-manufacturers, as well as industrial and export, which includes food manufacturers and repackagers of foodservice products. TreeHouse Foods, Inc. was founded in 1862 and is based in Oak Brook, Illinois.;tech
TIC;Acuren Corporation provides critical asset integrity services in North America. It offers testing, inspection, certification, and compliance (TICC) services, including various nondestructive testing (NDT) techniques, such as radiography, ultrasonic testing, magnetic particle inspection, penetrant testing, and visual inspection. Its NDT activities include inspection and evaluation of industrial equipment through various technology-enabled methods to ensure asset integrity, avoid accidents, and comply with regulatory requirements without destroying the asset or component. The company also provides market rope access technician solutions, including inspection and testing, as well as insulation, coatings and blasting, welding, pipe fitting, hoisting and rigging, and electrical services. In addition, its TICC services include support from consulting engineers with in-lab destructive testing capabilities. The company provides support failure investigation, material selection, corrosion engineering, welding engineering, fracture mechanics, destructive testing, and chemical analysis. It serves a range of industrial markets, such as chemical, pipeline, refinery, power generation, oilsands, automotive, aerospace, mining, manufacturing, renewable energy, and pulp and paper. Acuren Corporation was founded in 1974 and is headquartered in Tomball, Texas.;tech
TIMB;TIM S.A., a telecommunications company, provides mobile, fixed, long-distance, data transmission, and broadband services in Brazil. The company offers landline switched telephone services in local, national, and international long-distance modes, as well as personal mobile, multimedia communication, and digital content services. It serves individuals and corporates, as well as small, medium, and large enterprises. The company is based in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. TIM S.A. is a subsidiary of TIM Brasil Serviços e Participações S.A.;tech
TISI;Team, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides a suite of conventional, specialized, and proprietary mechanical, heat-treating, and inspection services in the United States, Canada, and internationally. It operates through Inspection and Heat Treating (IHT) and Mechanical Services (MS) segments. The IHT segment offers non-destructive evaluation and testing, radiographic testing, ultrasonic testing, magnetic particle inspection, liquid penetrant inspection, positive material identification, electromagnetic testing, alternating current field measurement, and eddy current testing services. This segment also provides long-range guided ultrasonic, phased array ultrasonic testing, terminals and storage inspection and management program, rope access, mechanical and pipeline integrity, and heat treating services. The MS segment offers leak repair, engineered composite repair, emissions control/compliance, hot tapping, valve insertion, field machining, bolted joint integrity, vapor barrier plug and weld testing, and valve management services. Team, Inc. was founded in 1973 and is headquartered in Sugar Land, Texas.;tech
TIXT;TELUS International (Cda) Inc. offers digital customer experience and digital solutions in the Asia-Pacific, the Central America, Europe, Africa, North America, the United Arab Emirates, and internationally. The company provides digital solutions, such as cloud solutions and automation, trust, safety, and security services; and AI data solutions, including expertise in computer vision, front-end digital design, and consulting services, as well as data collection, data annotation, supporting applications like computer vision, data categorization, and search relevance for AI applications. It also offers Customer Experience Management (CXM) solution; and Fuel iX, a TELUS Digital's proprietary platform that enables organizations to manage, monitor, and maintain GenAI across the enterprise. The company serves technology and games, communications and media, electronic commerce (eCommerce), financial technology (fintech), banking, financial services and insurance, healthcare, retail, consumer, energy and utilities, and travel and hospitality industries. The company was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada. TELUS International (Cda) Inc. previously was a subsidiary of TELUS Communications Inc.;tech
TJX;The TJX Companies, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an off-price apparel and home fashions retailer worldwide. The company operates through four segments: Marmaxx, HomeGoods, TJX Canada, and TJX International. It offers family apparel comprising footwear; accessories, such as beauty and jewelry; home fashion products, including home basics, decorative accessories and giftware, as well as furniture, rugs, lighting, soft home, decorative accessories, tabletop, and cookware; pet and gourmet food; and other merchandise. The company also provides home decor, furniture, and seasonal home merchandise. It sells its products through stores and e-commerce sites. The TJX Companies, Inc. was incorporated in 1962 and is headquartered in Framingham, Massachusetts.;tech
TK;Teekay Corporation Ltd. provides crude oil marine transportation and other marine services worldwide. The company operates in two segments, Tankers and Marine Services. It owns and operates crude oil and refined product tankers. The company also offers ship-to-ship support services; tanker commercial management operation services; and operational and maintenance marine services. As of March 1, 2025, it operated a fleet of approximately 48 owned and chartered-in vessels. It serves energy and utility companies, oil traders, oil consumers and petroleum product producers, government agencies, and various other entities that depend upon marine transportation. The company was formerly known as Teekay Corporation and changed its name to Teekay Corporation Ltd. in October 2024. Teekay Corporation Ltd. was founded in 1973 and is headquartered in Hamilton, Bermuda.;tech
TKC;Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri A.S., together with its subsidiaries, provides converged telecommunication and technology services in Turkey, Belarus, Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, and the Netherlands. It operates through the Turkcell Turkiye, Turkcell International, and Techfin segments. The company offers voice services; international roaming services; mobile services, including wholesale IoT and access and call origination services; and tower and satellite services. It also provides fixed data services, such as capacity, IP, ethernet, manageable network, hosting and data center, wholesale fiber data flow access services, and security services, as well as digital services. In addition, the company is involved in information technology, value added GSM services, and entertainment investments; telecommunications, television, and content services; property investments; trade, wholesale, and retail of electricity; insurance agency activities; telecommunications infrastructure and investment; and customer relations and human resources management. Further, it offers consumer financing services; cloud solutions services; online radio, television, and on-demand streaming services; radio, television, and on-demand streaming services; and electronic payment services. Turkcell Iletisim Hizmetleri A.S. was incorporated in 1993 and is headquartered in Istanbul, Turkey.;tech
TKO;TKO Group Holdings, Inc. operates as a sports and entertainment company. The company owns and manages sports and entertainment intellectual property; produces and licenses live events, programing, and long-form and short-form content, reality series, and other filmed entertainment on digital and linear channels and via pay-per-view; and offers UFC FIGHT PASS, a direct-to-consumer streaming product that provides access to live and video-on-demand events, as well as original content. It is also involved in the merchandising of video games, apparel, equipment, trading cards, memorabilia, digital goods, and toys. In addition, the company engages in the sponsorships and advertising business, which offers sale of in-venue and in-broadcast advertising assets, content product integration, and digital impressions. The company was incorporated in 2023 and is based in New York, New York. TKO Group Holdings, Inc. is a subsidiary of Endeavor Group Holdings, Inc.;tech
TKR;The Timken Company designs, manufactures, and sells engineered bearings and industrial motion products, and related services in the United States and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Engineered Bearings and Industrial Motion. The Engineered Bearings segment provides various bearing products, including tapered, spherical, and cylindrical roller bearings; plain bearings, metal-polymer bearings, and rod end bearings; radial, angular, and precision ball bearings; thrust and specialty ball bearings; journal bearings; and housed or mounted bearings. This segment serves wind energy, agriculture, construction, food and beverage, metals and mining, automotive and truck, aerospace, rail, and other industries under the Timken, GGB, and Fafnir brands. The Industrial Motion segment offers a portfolio of engineered products, such as industrial drives, automatic lubrication systems, linear motion products and systems, chains, belts, couplings, filtration systems, seals, and industrial clutches and brakes, as well as provides industrial drivetrain and bearing repairing services. This segment serves a range of industries comprising solar energy, automation, construction, agriculture and turf, passenger rail, marine, aerospace, packaging and logistics, medical, and others under the Philadelphia Gear, Cone Drive, Rollon, Nadella, Groeneveld, BEKA, Diamond, Drives, Timken Belts, Spinea, Des-Case, Lagersmit, Lovejoy, CGI, and PT Tech brands. The company was founded in 1899 and is headquartered in North Canton, Ohio.;tech
TLK;Perusahaan Perseroan (Persero) PT Telekomunikasi Indonesia Tbk provides information and communications technology, and telecommunications network services worldwide. The company operates through Mobile, Consumer, Enterprise, Wholesale and International Business, and Other segments. The Mobile segment offers mobile voice, SMS, mobile broadband, and value added services. The Consumer segment provides fixed wireline, pay TV, and internet services; and other telecommunication services to home customers. The Enterprise segment offers end-to-end solution to corporate and institutions. The Wholesale and International Business segment provides interconnection services, broadband access, information technology services, data, and internet services to other licensed operator and institutions. The Other segment offers digital content products, big data, business-to-business commerce, and financial services to individual and corporate customers. The company also engages in leasing of towers, and provision of digital support and other telecommunication services; provision of consultation service of hardware, software, data center, and internet exchange, as well as multimedia portal services; business management consulting; property development and management; trading service related to telecommunication, information, multimedia technology, entertainment, and investment services; and digital content exchange hub services. The company was founded in 1884 and is headquartered in Bandung, Indonesia. Perusahaan Perseroan (Persero) PT Telekomunikasi Indonesia Tbk operates as a subsidiary of Pt. Biro Klasifikasi Indonesia (Persero).;tech
TLYS;Tilly's, Inc. operates as a specialty retailer of casual apparel, footwear, accessories, and hardgoods for young men and women, boys, and girls in the United States. Its apparel merchandise includes branded, fashion, and styles for tops, outerwear, bottoms, swim and dresses; and accessories merchandise consist of backpacks, hydration bottles, hats, sunglasses, small electronics and accessories, handbags, watches, jewelry, and others. The company also provides third-party merchandise assortment across its various product categories. It sells its merchandise through its stores and e-commerce website, www.tillys.com. Tilly's, Inc. was founded in 1982 and is headquartered in Irvine, California.;tech
TM;Toyota Motor Corporation designs, manufactures, assembles, and sells passenger vehicles, minivans and commercial vehicles, and related parts and accessories in Japan, North America, Europe, Asia, Central and South America, Oceania, Africa, and the Middle East. It operates through Automotive, Financial Services, and All Other segments. The company offers subcompact and compact cars; mini-vehicles; mid-size, luxury, sports, and specialty cars; recreational and sport-utility vehicles; pickup trucks; minivans; trucks; and buses. It offers vehicles under the Toyota and Lexus brand names. Further, the company provides financial services, such as retail financing and leasing, wholesale financing, insurance, and credit cards. Additionally, it operates GAZOO.com, a web portal for automobile information, as well as engages in telecommunications and other businesses. The company also develops and sells battery electric vehicles and batteries. Toyota Motor Corporation was founded in 1933 and is headquartered in Toyota, Japan.;tech
TME;Tencent Music Entertainment Group operates online music entertainment platforms that provides music streaming, online karaoke, and live streaming services in the People's Republic of China. It offers QQ Music, Kugou Music, and Kuwo Music that enable users to discover, enjoy, and share music in personalized ways; long-form audio content, including audiobooks, podcasts and talk shows, as well as music-oriented video content comprising music videos, live performances, and short videos; and WeSing, which enables users to sing along from its library of karaoke songs and share their performances in audio or video formats with friends. The company also delivers music-centric live streaming services primarily through the Live Streaming tab on QQ Music, Kugou Music, Kuwo Music, WeSing, Kugou Live, and Kuwo Live that provides an interactive online stage for performers and users to showcase their talent and engage with audience base; and Lazy Audio, an audio platform. In addition, it sells artist-related merchandise, such as branded apparel, posters and art prints, and accessories; other music services, such as content licensing, sales of digital albums, sales of customized artist-related merchandises, live performances and concerts, and artist management services; and music subscriptions, as well as offers advertising services across its social entertainment platforms. The company is headquartered in Shenzhen, China. Tencent Music Entertainment Group is a subsidiary of Tencent Holdings Limited.;tech
TMHC;Taylor Morrison Home Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a land developer and homebuilder in the United States. It designs, builds, and sells single and multi-family detached and attached homes; and develops lifestyle and master-planned communities. The company also develops and constructs multi-use properties comprising commercial space, retail, and multi-family properties under the Urban Form brand name. In addition, it offers financial, title insurance, and closing settlement services. Further, the company engages in the build-to-rent homebuilding business under the Yardly brand name. It operates under the Taylor Morrison, Darling Homes Collection by Taylor Morrison, and Esplanade brand names in Arizona, California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Nevada, North and South Carolina, Oregon, Texas, and Washington. Taylor Morrison Home Corporation was founded in 1936 and is headquartered in Scottsdale, Arizona.;tech
TMO;Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. provides life sciences solutions, analytical instruments, specialty diagnostics, and laboratory products and biopharma services in the North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific, and internationally. The company's Life Sciences Solutions segment offers reagents, instruments, and consumables for biological and medical research, discovery and production of drugs and vaccines, as well as diagnosis of infections and diseases. Its Analytical Instruments segment provides instruments, consumables, software, and services for pharmaceutical, biotechnology, academic, government, environmental, and other research and industrial markets, as well as clinical laboratories. The company's Specialty Diagnostics segment includes clinical diagnostics offering liquid, ready-to-use, and lyophilized immunodiagnostic reagent kits, as well as calibrators, controls, protein detection assays, and instruments; immunodiagnostics offers develops, manufactures, and markets complete blood test systems to support the clinical diagnosis and monitoring of allergy, asthma, and autoimmune diseases; microbiology offers dehydrated and prepared culture media, collection and transport systems, instrumentation, and consumables; transplant diagnostics products include human leukocyte antigen typing and testing for organ transplant market; and healthcare market channel offers consumables, diagnostic kits and reagents, equipment, instruments, solutions, and services. Its Laboratory Products and Biopharma Services segment provides laboratory products, research and safety market channel, and pharma services and clinical research. It offers products and services through a direct sales force, customer-service professionals, electronic commerce, and third-party distributors under Thermo Scientific; Applied Biosystems; Invitrogen; Fisher Scientific; Unity Lab Services; and Patheon and PPD. Thermo Fisher Scientific Inc. was founded in 1956 and is headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts.;tech
TNC;Tennant Company, together with its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, and markets floor cleaning equipment in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. The company offers a suite of products, including floor maintenance and cleaning equipment, detergent-free and other sustainable cleaning technologies, aftermarket parts and consumables, equipment maintenance and repair, and asset management solutions. It also provides business solutions, such as financing, rental, and leasing programs, as well as machine-to-machine asset management solutions. The company offers its products under the Tennant, Nobles, Alfa Uma Empresa Tennant, IPC, Gaomei, and Rongen brands, as well as private-label brands. Its products are used in retail establishments; distribution centers; factories and warehouses; and public venues, such as arenas and stadiums, office buildings, schools and universities, hospitals and clinics, and others. The company markets its products to contract cleaners and businesses through direct sales and service organizations, as well as through a network of authorized distributors. Tennant Company was founded in 1870 and is headquartered in Eden Prairie, Minnesota.;tech
TNET;TriNet Group, Inc. provides comprehensive and flexible human capital management services for small and medium size businesses in the United States. The company offers multi-state payroll processing and tax administration; employee benefits programs, including health insurance and retirement plans; workers compensation insurance and claims management; employment and benefits law compliance; and other HR related services. It also provides technology platform, an online and mobile tool that allows users to store, view, and manager HR information and administer various HR transactions, such as payroll processing, tax administration and credits, employee onboarding and termination, employee performance, time and attendance, compensation reporting, expense management, and benefits enrollment and administration, as well as incorporated workforce analytics and allows professional employer organization clients to generate HR data, payroll, compensation, and other custom reports. The company serves clients in various industries, including technology, professional services, financial services, life sciences, and not-for-profit. It sells its solutions through its direct sales organization. TriNet Group, Inc. was incorporated in 1988 and is headquartered in Dublin, California.;tech
TNL;Travel + Leisure Co., together with its subsidiaries, provides hospitality services and travel products in the United States and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Vacation Ownership; and Travel and Membership. The Vacation Ownership segment develops, markets, and sells vacation ownership interests (VOIs) to individual consumers, as well as offers consumer financing in connection with the sale of VOIs; and property management services at resorts. The Travel and Membership segment operates various travel businesses, including three vacation exchange brands, travel technology platforms, travel memberships, and direct-to-consumer rentals. This segment also offers private-label travel booking technology solutions. Travel + Leisure Co. has a strategic alliance with Hornblower Group, Inc. The company was formerly known as Wyndham Destinations, Inc. and changed its name to Travel + Leisure Co. in February 2021. Travel + Leisure Co. was founded in 1990 and is headquartered in Orlando, Florida.;tech
TOL;Toll Brothers, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, builds, markets, sells, and arranges finance for a range of detached and attached homes in luxury residential communities in the United States. It designs, builds, markets, and sells condominiums through Toll Brothers City Living. The company also develops a range of single-story living and first-floor primary bedroom suite home designs, as well as communities with recreational amenities, such as golf courses, marinas, pool complexes, country clubs, and fitness and recreation centers; and develops, operates, and rents apartments. In addition, it provides various interior fit-out options, such as flooring, wall tile, plumbing, cabinets, fixtures, appliances, lighting, and home-automation and security technologies. Further, the company owns and operates architectural, engineering, mortgage, title, land development, insurance, smart home technology, landscaping, lumber distribution, house component assembly, and component manufacturing operations. It serves luxury first-time, move-up, empty-nester, active-adult, and second-home buyers. The company was founded in 1967 and is headquartered in Fort Washington, Pennsylvania.;tech
TOST;Toast, Inc. operates a cloud-based digital technology platform for the restaurant industry in the United States, Ireland, India, and internationally. The company offers software products for restaurant operations and point of sale, such as Toast POS, team and vendor management, multi-location management, kitchen display system, mobile order and pay, and catering and events. It offers payroll and team management; supply chain and accounting products; xtraCHEF by toast, a set of back-office tools for restaurants, including accounts payable automation, inventory management, ingredient price tracking, and recipe costing; and financial technology solutions. The company was formerly known as Opti Systems, Inc. and changed its name to Toast, Inc. in May 2012. Toast, Inc. was incorporated in 2011 and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts.;tech
TPB;Turning Point Brands, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures, markets, and distributes branded consumer products in the United States and Canada. It operates through two segments, Zig-Zag Products and Stoker's Products. The Zig-Zag Products segment markets and distributes rolling papers, tubes, finished cigars, make-your-own cigar wraps, and related products, as well as lighters and other accessories under the Zig-Zag brand. The Stoker's Products segment manufactures and markets moist snuff tobacco and loose-leaf chewing tobacco products under the Stoker's, FRE, Beech-Nut, Durango, Trophy, and Wind River brands. In addition, it markets and distributes cannabis accessories and tobacco products. The company sells its products to wholesale distributors and retail merchants in the independent and chain convenience stores, tobacco outlets, food stores, mass merchandising, drug store, and non-traditional retail channels. The company was formerly known as North Atlantic Holding Company, Inc. and changed its name to Turning Point Brands, Inc. in November 2015. Turning Point Brands, Inc. was founded in 1988 and is headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky.;tech
TPC;Tutor Perini Corporation, a construction company, provides diversified general contracting, construction management, and design-build services to private customers and public agencies worldwide. It operates through three segments: Civil, Building, and Specialty Contractors. The Civil segment engages in the public works construction and the replacement and reconstruction of infrastructure; and offers contracting services, including construction and rehabilitation of highways, bridges, tunnels, mass-transit systems, military defense facilities, and water management and wastewater treatment facilities, as well as provides drilling, foundation, and excavation support for shoring, bridges, piers, roads, and highway projects. The Building segment offers range of services in various specialized building markets, such as hospitality and gaming, transportation, health care, commercial offices, government facilities, sports and entertainment, education, correctional and detention facilities, biotech, pharmaceutical, industrial, and technology. The Specialty Contractors segment provides electrical, mechanical, plumbing, and fire protection systems, as well as heating, ventilation, and air conditioning services (HVAC) for civil and building construction projects in industrial, commercial, hospitality and gaming, and mass-transit end markets. It also offers pre-construction planning and project management services comprising planning and scheduling of the manpower, equipment, materials, and subcontractor services; and self-performed construction services consisting of site work, concrete forming and placement, and steel erection. The company was formerly known as Perini Corporation and changed its name to Tutor Perini Corporation in May 2009. Tutor Perini Corporation was founded in 1894 and is headquartered in Sylmar, California.;tech
TPL;Texas Pacific Land Corporation engages in the land and resource management, and water services and operations businesses. The Land and Resource Management segment manages surface acres of land, and oil and gas royalty interest in Permian Basin. This segment also engages in easements, such as transporting oil, gas and related hydrocarbons, power line and utility, and subsurface wellbore easements. In addition, this segment leases its land for processing, storage, and compression facilities and roads; and is involved in sale of materials, such as caliche, sand, and other material, as well as sells land. The Water Services and Operations segment provides full-service water offerings, including water sourcing, produced-water treatment, infrastructure development, and disposal solutions to operators in the Permian Basin. This segment also holds produced water royalties. The company owns a 1/128th nonparticipating perpetual oil and gas royalty interest (NPRI) under approximately 85,000 acres of land; a 1/16th NPRI under approximately 371,000 acres of land; and approximately 16,000 additional net royalty acres, total of approximately 207,000 NRA located in the Permian Basin. Texas Pacific Land Corporation was founded in 1888 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
TPR;Tapestry, Inc. provides accessories and lifestyle brand products in North America, Greater China, rest of Asia, and internationally. The company operates in three segments: Coach, Kate Spade, and Stuart Weitzman. It offers women's handbags, fashion designs, business cases, computer bags, messenger style bags, backpacks, travel bags, and totes; and accessories, such as small leather goods which includes mini and micro handbags, money pieces, wristlets, pouches, and cosmetic cases, as well as novelty accessories, including address books, time management and travel accessories, sketchbooks, and portfolios; and belts, key rings, technology accessories, gifting, straps, and charms. The company also provides women's and men's footwear, which casual and dress shoes, boots, sneakers, and sandals; and other products which includes outerwear, ready-to-wear, jewelry, watches, eyewear, fragrance, scarves, hats, gloves, and other products. It offers its products through retail and outlet stores, brand e-commerce sites, and concession shop-in-shops under the Coach, Kate Spade, and Stuart Weitzman brand names. The company was formerly known as Coach, Inc. and changed its name to Tapestry, Inc. in October 2017. Tapestry, Inc. was founded in 1941 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
TPVG;TriplePoint Venture Growth BDC Corp. is a business development company specializing investments in venture capital-backed companies at the growth stage investments. It also provides debt financing to venture growth space companies which includes growth capital loans, secured and customized loans, equipment financings, revolving loans and direct equity investments. The fund seeks to invest in e-commerce, entertainment, technology and life sciences sector. Within technology the areas of focus include: Security, wireless communication equipments, network system and software, business applications software, conferencing equipments/services .big data, cloud computing, data storage, electronics, energy efficiency, hardware, information services, internet and media, networking, semiconductors, software, software as a service, and other technology related subsectors and within life sciences the areas of focus include: biotechnology, bio fuels/bio mass, diagnostic testing and bioinformatics, drug delivery, drug discovery, healthcare information systems, healthcare services, medical, surgical and therapeutic devices, pharmaceuticals and other life science related subsectors. Within growth capital loans it invests between $5 million and $50 million, for equipment financings it invests between $5 million and $25 million, for revolving loans it invests between $1 million and $25 million, and for direct equity investments it may invest between $0.1 million and $5 million (generally not exceeding 5% of the company's total equity). The debt financing products are typically structured as lines of credit and it invests through warrants and secured loans. It targeted returns between 10% and 18%. It does not take board seat in the company.;tech
TPZ;Under normal circumstances, the fund invests at least 80% of its total assets (including assets obtained through borrowings for investment purposes) in essential energy assets. Essential energy assets are issuers that derive more than 50% of their revenue from power or energy infrastructure operations. Power infrastructure companies use long-lived assets to provide electric power generation (including nuclear and renewable energy), transmission and distribution. The fund is non-diversified.;tech
TR;Tootsie Roll Industries, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells confectionery products in the United States, Canada, Mexico, and internationally. The company sells its products under the Tootsie Roll, Tootsie Fruit Rolls, Frooties, Tootsie Pops, Tootsie Mini Pops, Child's Play, Caramel Apple Pops, Charms, Blow-Pop, Charms Mini Pops, Cella's, Dots, Junior Mints, Charleston Chew, Sugar Daddy, Sugar Babies, Andes, Fluffy Stuff, Dubble Bubble, Razzles, Cry Baby, NIK-L-NIP, and Tutsi Pop trademarks. It sells its products directly to wholesale distributors of candy, and food and groceries; and supermarkets, variety stores, dollar stores, chain grocers, drug chains, discount chains, cooperative grocery associations, mass merchandisers, warehouse and membership club stores, vending machine operators, e-commerce merchants, the United States military, and fund-raising charitable organizations, as well as through food and grocery brokers. Tootsie Roll Industries, Inc. was founded in 1896 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
TRAK;ReposiTrak, Inc., a software-as-a-service provider, designs, develops, and markets proprietary software products in North America. The company offers ReposiTrak MarketPlace, a supplier discovery and B2B e-commerce solution; ReposiTrak Compliance and Food Safety solutions, which reduces potential regulatory and legal risk from their supply chain partners; and ReposiTrak Supply Chain solutions that enables customers to manage relationships with suppliers. It also offers ReposiTrak Traceability Network solutions to capture key data elements for designated products. In addition, the company provides business-consulting services to suppliers, retailers in grocery, convenience, and specialty retail sectors. Further, it provides professional consulting services. The company primarily serves multi-store retail chains, wholesalers and distributors, and their suppliers. ReposiTrak, Inc. has a strategic partnership with Upshop to enable grocery retail traceability. The company was formerly known as Park City Group, Inc. and changed its name to ReposiTrak, Inc. in December 2023. ReposiTrak, Inc. is based in Murray, Utah.;tech
TRC;Tejon Ranch Co., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a diversified real estate development and agribusiness company. It operates through five segments: Commercial/Industrial Real Estate Development, Resort/Residential Real Estate Development, Mineral Resources, Farming, and Ranch Operations. The Commercial/Industrial Real Estate Development segment engages in the planning and permitting of land for development; construction of infrastructure projects, pre-leased buildings, and buildings to be leased or sold; sale of land to third parties for their own development; and activities related to communications leases, a power plant lease, and landscape maintenance. This segment also leases land to various auto service stations with convenience stores, fast-food operations, service diner-style restaurant, a motel, an antique shop, and a post office; various microwave repeater locations, radio and cellular transmitter sites, and fiber optic cable routes; and package of land for an electric power plant. The Resort/Residential Real Estate Development segment engages in land entitlement, planning, pre-construction engineering, stewardship, and conservation activities. The Mineral Resources segment includes oil and gas royalties, rock and aggregate royalties, and royalties from a cement operation leased to National Cement Company of California, Inc.; and the management of water assets and infrastructure projects. The Farming segment farms, produces, and sells wine grapes, almonds, pistachios, and hay, as well as olives in package of land. This segment also leases package of land for growing vegetables, as well as almonds. The Ranch Operations segment includes grazing lease and game management, and land maintenance activities, as well as ancillary land uses comprising filming; and guided game hunts. Tejon Ranch Co. was founded in 1843 and is based in Lebec, California.;tech
TREX;Trex Company, Inc. manufactures and sells composite decking and railing products in the United States. The company offers decking products and accessories that can be used for protection against fading, staining, mold, and scratching, including Trex Transcend, which are decking products that can also be used as cladding; Trex Signature; Trex Transcend Lineage; Trex Select; Trex Enhance; Trex Hideaway fastener collection; and Trex DeckLighting, an outdoor lighting system that includes a post cap, deck rail, riser, a soffit, and a recessed deck lights. It also offers railing products, such as Trex Signature X-Series Railing, Trex Signature aluminum railing, Trex Transcend Railing, Trex Select Railing, Trex Select T-Rail, Trex Enhance Railing; and fencing products, which includes Trex Seclusions that consists of structural posts, bottom rails, pickets, top rails, and decorative post caps. In addition, the company acts as a licensor in various licensing agreements with third parties to manufacture and sell products under the Trex name, including Trex Outdoor Furniture; Trex RainEscape, an above joist deck drainage system; Trex Protect joist, beam and rim tape, a self-adhesive butyl tape that protects wooden deck framing/substructure elements; Trex RainEscape Soffit Light, a plug-and-play LED Soffit light that is installed in the under-deck ceiling of a two-story deck; Trex Seal Ledger Flashing Tape, butyl flashing tape with an aluminum liner; Trex Pergola, Pergolas made from low maintenance cellular PVC and all-aluminum product; Trex Lattice outdoor boards; Trex Cornhole boards; Trex Blade, a specialty saw blade for wood-alternative composite decking; Trex SpiralStairs; and Trex Outdoor Kitchen cabinetry. It sells its products through wholesale distributors, retail lumber dealers, and Home Depot and Lowe's stores. Trex Company, Inc. was founded in 1996 and is headquartered in Winchester, Virginia.;tech
TRGP;Targa Resources Corp., together with its subsidiary, Targa Resources Partners LP, owns, operates, acquires, and develops a portfolio of complementary domestic infrastructure assets in North America. It operates in two segments, Gathering and Processing, and Logistics and Transportation. The company is involved in gathering, compressing, treating, processing, transporting, and selling natural gas; storing, fractionating, treating, transporting, and selling natural gas liquids (NGL) and NGL products, including services to liquefied petroleum gas exporters; and gathering, storing, terminaling, purchasing, and selling crude oil. It is also involved in the purchase and resale of NGL products; and sale of propane, as well as provision of related logistics services to multi-state retailers, independent retailers, and other end-users. In addition, the company offers NGL balancing services; and transportation services to refineries and petrochemical companies in the Gulf Coast area, as well as purchases, markets, and resells natural gas. As of December 31, 2024, it leased and managed approximately 531 railcars; 131 tractors; and 6 vacuum trucks and 2 pressurized NGL barges, as well as owns 8 tractors. Targa Resources Corp. was incorporated in 2005 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
TRN;Trinity Industries, Inc. provides railcar products and services under the TrinityRail trade name in North America. It operates in two segments, Railcar Leasing and Services Group, and Rail Products Group. The Railcar Leasing and Services Group segment leases freight and tank railcars; originates and manages railcar leases for third-party investors; and provides fleet leasing, management, and administrative services, as well as railcar maintenance and modification services, and other railcar logistics products and services. As of December 31, 2023, it had a fleet of 109,635 railcars. This segment serves industrial shipper and railroad companies operating in agriculture, construction and metals, consumer products, energy, and refined products and chemicals markets. The Rail Products Group segment manufactures freight and tank railcars for transporting various liquids, gases, and dry cargo; and manufactures and sells railcars and related parts and components. This segment serves railroads, leasing companies, and industrial shippers of products in the refined products and chemicals, energy, agriculture, construction and metals, and consumer products markets. It sells or leases products and services through its own sales personnel and independent sales representatives. The company was incorporated in 1933 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
TRNO;Terreno Realty Corporation (Terreno, and together with its subsidiaries, the Company) acquires, owns and operates industrial real estate in six major coastal U.S. markets: New York City/Northern New Jersey, Los Angeles, Miami, San Francisco Bay Area, Seattle, and Washington, D.C. All square feet, acres, occupancy and number of properties disclosed in these condensed notes to the consolidated financial statements are unaudited. As of June 30, 2025, the Company owned 297 buildings (including three properties consisting of eight buildings and one improved land parcel held for sale) aggregating approximately 18.9 million square feet, 47 improved land parcels consisting of approximately 150.6 acres, six properties under development or redevelopment and approximately 22.4 acres of land for future development. The Company is an internally managed Maryland corporation and elected to be taxed as a real estate investment trust (REIT) under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code), commencing with its taxable year ended December 31, 2010.;tech
TROX;Tronox Holdings plc operates as a vertically integrated manufacturer of TiO2 pigment in North America, South and Central America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. The company operates titanium-bearing mineral sand mines; and engages in beneficiation and smelting operations. It offers TiO2 pigment; ultrafine specialty TiO2; zircon; high purity pig iron; monazite; feedstock; and titanium tetrachloride products. The company's products are used for the manufacture of paints, coatings, plastics, and paper, as well as various other applications. Tronox Holdings plc was incorporated in 2018 and is based in Stamford, Connecticut.;tech
TRP;TC Energy Corporation operates as an energy infrastructure company in North America. It operates through four segments: Canadian Natural Gas Pipelines; U.S. Natural Gas Pipelines; Mexico Natural Gas Pipelines; and Power and Energy Solutions. The company builds and operates a network of 93,700 kilometers of natural gas pipelines, which transports natural gas from supply basins to local distribution companies, power generation plants, industrial facilities, interconnecting pipelines, LNG export terminals, and other businesses. It also has regulated natural gas storage facilities with a total working gas capacity of 532 billion cubic feet. Further, the company owns or has interests in power generation facilities with approximately 4,650 megawatts; and owns and operates approximately 118 billion cubic feet of non-regulated natural gas storage facilities in Alberta, Ontario, Québec, and New Brunswick. The company was formerly known as TransCanada Corporation and changed its name to TC Energy Corporation in May 2019. TC Energy Corporation was founded in 1951 and is headquartered in Calgary, Canada.;tech
TRU;TransUnion operates as a global consumer credit reporting agency that provides risk and information solutions. The company operates in two segments, U.S. Markets and International. The U.S. Markets segment provides credit reporting, credit marketing, analytics and consulting, identity verification, and authentication and debt recovery solutions for financial services industry; and onboarding and transaction processing products, scoring and analytic products, marketing solutions, fraud and identity management solutions, and customer retention solutions, as well select market-specific solutions for insurance, technology, retail and e-commerce, telecommunications, media, tenant and employment screening, collections, and public sectors. It also offers credit reports and scores, credit monitoring, identity protection and resolution, and financial management for consumers, as well as helps businesses respond to data breach events through its own websites, as well as channels. The International segment offers credit reports, analytics, technology solutions, and other value-added risk management services; consumer services, which helps consumers to manage their personal finances; credit bureaus; and consumer and business credit reporting, insurance and auto information solutions, and commercial credit information services. This segment serves customers in financial services, retail credit, insurance, automotive, collections, public sector, and communications industries through direct and indirect channels. The company was formerly known as TransUnion Holding Company, Inc. and changed its name to TransUnion in March 2015. TransUnion was founded in 1968 and is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
TS;Tenaris S.A., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and supplies steel pipe products and related services for the energy industry and other industrial applications in North America, South America, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, and the Asia Pacific. The company provides steel casings to sustain the walls of oil and gas wells during and after drilling; steel tubing for conducting crude oil and natural gas to the surface after drilling has been completed; steel line pipes to transport crude oil and natural gas from wells to refineries, storage tanks, and loading and distribution centers; and mechanical and structural pipes for the transportation of other forms of gas and liquids under high pressure. It also offers cold-drawn pipes for use in boilers, superheaters, condensers, heat exchangers, automobile production, and other industrial applications; premium joints and couplings for use in high temperature or high pressure environments under the TenarisHydril, Atlas Bradford, Ultra, and TORQ brands; coiled tubing is used for oil and gas drilling and well workovers and for subsea pipelines; sucker rods used in oil extraction activities, tubes used for plumbing and construction applications, and oilfield / hydraulic fracturing services; pipe coating services; and automotive components. In addition, the company engages in the sale of energy and raw materials; development, management, and licensing of intellectual property; procurement and trading services; and financial operations, as well as markets steel products. Further, it manufactures and markets connections; and welded and seamless steel pipes. Tenaris S.A. was incorporated in 2001 and is based in Luxembourg City, Luxembourg. Tenaris S.A. operates as a subsidiary of Techint Holdings S.à r.l.;tech
TSE;Trinseo PLC provides specialty material solutions in the United States, Europe, the Asia-Pacific, and internationally. It operates through four segments: Engineered Materials, Latex Binders, Polymer Solutions, and Americas Styrenics. The Engineered Materials segment offers rigid thermoplastic compounds and blends, soft thermoplastic, continuous cast, cell cast, activated methyl methacrylates, polymethyl methacrylates (PMMA) resins, and extruded PMMA sheets and resins for consumer electronics, medical, footwear, automotive, and building and construction applications under the EMERGE, CALIBRE, PLEXIGLAS, ALTUGLAS, ACRYSPA, AVONITE, STUDIO, MEGOL, APILON, APIGO, and APINAT trade names. The Latex Binders segment provides various latex binder products, including styrene-butadiene latex, styrene-acrylate latex, vinylidene chloride latex, all-acrylic latex, and butadiene-methacrylate latex. The Polymer Solutions Segment offers a range of polymers, such as copolymers, polycarbonate, styrene-acrylonitrile, and acrylonitrile-butadiene-styrene under the MAGNUM brand. The Americas Styrenics segment provides styrene monomer, polystyrene, general purpose polystyrenes, high heat and impact resins, and STYRON A-TECH polystyrene products for appliances, food packaging, food service disposables, consumer electronics, and building and construction materials applications. It operates as a land development and subdivision company. The company was incorporated in 2015 and is based in Sir John Rogerson's Quay, Ireland.;tech
TSI;TCW Strategic Income Fund, Inc. is a close-ended balanced mutual fund launched by The TCW Group, Inc. The fund is managed by TCW Investment Management Company. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. The fund makes its investments in securities of companies operating across diversified sectors. For its equity investments, it seeks to invest in growth and value stocks of companies. The fund's fixed income investments are comprised of mortgage related securities, asset-backed securities, money market securities, convertible securities, high yield bonds, collateralized debt obligations (CDOs), and securities issued or guaranteed by the United States Government, its agencies and instrumentalities. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the S&P 500 Index, NASDAQ, and a customized benchmark comprised of Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index, Citigroup High Yield Cash Pay Index, S&P 500 Index, and BofA Merrill Lynch All Convertibles All Qualities. The fund was previously known as TCW Convertible Securities Fund, Inc. TCW Strategic Income Fund, Inc. was formed on January 13, 1987 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
TSLX;Sixth Street Specialty Lending, Inc. (NYSE: TSLX) is a business development company. The fund provides senior secured loans (first-lien, second-lien, and unitranche), unsecured loans, mezzanine debt, and investments in corporate bonds and equity securities and structured products, non-control structured equity, and common equity with a focus on co-investments for organic growth, acquisitions, market or product expansion, restructuring initiatives, recapitalizations, and refinancing. The fund invests in business services, software & technology, healthcare, energy, consumer & retail, manufacturing, industrials, royalty related businesses, education, and specialty finance. The fund seeks to finance and lending to middle market companies principally located in the United States. The fund invests in companies with enterprise value between $50 million and $1 billion or more and EBITDA between $10 million and $250 million. The transaction size is between $15 million and $350 million. The fund invests across the spectrum of the capital structure and can arrange syndicated transactions of up to $500 million and hold sizeable positions within its credits.;tech
TSM;Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company Limited, together with its subsidiaries, manufactures, packages, tests, and sells integrated circuits and other semiconductor devices in Taiwan, China, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Japan, the United States, and internationally. It provides various wafer fabrication processes, such as processes to manufacture complementary metal- oxide-semiconductor (CMOS) logic, mixed-signal, radio frequency, embedded memory, bipolar CMOS mixed-signal, and others. The company also involved in providing customer and engineering support services; manufacturing of masks; investment in technology start-up companies; research, designing, developing, manufacturing, packaging, testing, and sale of color filters; and investment activities. Its products are used in high performance computing, smartphones, Internet of things, automotive, and digital consumer electronics. The company was incorporated in 1987 and is headquartered in Hsinchu City, Taiwan.;tech
TSN;Tyson Foods, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a food company worldwide. It operates through four segments: Beef, Pork, Chicken, and Prepared Foods. The company processes live fed cattle and hogs; fabricates dressed beef and pork carcasses into primal and sub-primal meat cuts, as well as case ready beef and pork, and fully cooked meats; raises and processes chickens into fresh, frozen, and value-added chicken products, including breaded chicken strips, nuggets, patties, and other ready-to-fix or fully cooked chicken parts; and supplies poultry breeding stock. It also manufactures and markets frozen and refrigerated food products, including ready-to-eat sandwiches, flame-grilled hamburgers, Philly steaks, pepperoni, bacon, breakfast sausage, turkey, lunchmeat, hot dogs, flour and corn tortilla products, appetizers, snacks, prepared meals, ethnic foods, side dishes, meat dishes, breadsticks, and processed meats under the Tyson, Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm, Ball Park, Wright, Aidells, Gallo Salame, ibp, and State Fair brands. The company sells its products through its sales staff to grocery retailers, grocery wholesalers, meat distributors, warehouse club stores, military commissaries, industrial food processing companies, chain restaurants or their distributors, live markets, international export companies, and domestic distributors who serve restaurants and food service operations, such as plant and school cafeterias, convenience stores, hospitals, and other vendors, as well as through independent brokers and trading companies. The company was founded in 1935 and is headquartered in Springdale, Arkansas.;tech
TSQ;Townsquare Media, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a digital and broadcast media, and digital marketing solutions company for small and medium-sized businesses in the United States. It operates through Subscription Digital Marketing Solutions, Digital Advertising, Broadcast Advertising, and Other segments. The Subscription Digital Marketing Solutions segment offers Townsquare Business Management Platform, a SAAS solution that provides website design, creation, and development, as well as hosting services; and search engine optimization, online directory optimization, e-commerce solutions, online reputation monitoring, social media management, appointment scheduling, payment and invoice, customer management, and email and SMS marketing services. Its Digital Advertising segment provides digital advertising on its owned and operated, digital programmatic advertising, and data analytics and management platform. The Broadcast Advertising segment engages in the sale of advertising on local radio stations to local, regional, and national spot advertisers, as well as national network advertisers. Its Other segment owns and operates live events, including concerts, expositions, and other experiential events. The company was formerly known as Regent Communications, Inc. and changed its name to Townsquare Media, Inc. in May 2010. Townsquare Media, Inc. is headquartered in Purchase, New York.;tech
TT;Trane Technologies plc designs, manufactures, sells, and services of solutions for heating, ventilation, air conditioning, and custom and transport refrigeration. It offers air conditioners, exchangers, and handlers; airside and terminal devices; air sourced heat pumps; chillers; coils and condensers; auxiliary power, cold storage, cold storage, and condensing units; controls contracting and commissioning, decarbonization programs, and gensets; dehumidifiers; energy and water efficiency programs; energy recovery ventilators; energy storage; furnaces; home automation; humidifiers; HVAC performance-monitoring products; and indoor air quality assessments and related products for HVAC and transport solutions. The company also provides asset management, building management, bus air purification, bus and rail HVAC, container refrigeration, control, cryogenic refrigeration, ductless, geothermal, data center and multi-pipe HVAC, package heating and cooling, rail refrigeration, residential air filtration, self-powered truck refrigeration, temporary heating and cooling, truck refrigeration, unitary, variable refrigerant flow, and trailer refrigeration systems. In addition, it offers industrial process refrigeration, installation contracting, lighting retrofit, medical grade refrigeration, refrigerant reclamation, renewable energy and storage, residential hybrid heating, telematics, thermostats/controls and associated digital, and ventilation solutions; packaged rooftop units; rate chambers; residential air filters; thermal energy storage; transport heater products; ultra-low temperature freezers; energy infrastructure programs and management, repair and maintenance, smart and AI-enabled, and rental services; and water source heat pumps, as well as aftermarket and OEM parts and supplies. The company was formerly known as Ingersoll-Rand Plc and changed its name to Trane Technologies plc in March 2020. The company was founded in 1885 and is headquartered in Swords, Ireland.;tech
TTC;The Toro Company provides professional turf maintenance equipment and services. It operates in two segments, Professional and Residential. It offers riding and walking mowers, greens rollers, all-wheel drive articulating tractors, turf sprayer, utility vehicles, aeration, bunker maintenance, and other turf equipment; sprinkler heads, controllers, turf sensors, valves, and operating software; and riding rotary and reel mowers and attachments, infield grooming equipment, multipurpose vehicles, debris management products, all-wheel drive articulating tractors, sidewalk snow and ice solution vehicles, and related attachments and accessories. The company also provides zero-turn radius riding mowers, walk behind and stand-on mowers, turf application and renovation, tree care, horizontal directional drills, and drilling guidance and support equipment; walk and ride trenchers, vacuum excavators, utility locators and inspection systems, pipe rehabilitation, and replacement solutions; drive chucks and sub savers, drill pipe, starter rods and quick connects, bits and blades, rock tools, reamers, and swivels; and snow removal and ice management solutions. In addition, it offers rotors, sprinkler bodies and nozzles, valves, drip tubing and subsurface irrigation, and electric control devices; wired and wireless rain, freeze, climate, and soil sensors; drip tape, polyethylene tubing, drip line, emitters, filters, fitting, and software related solutions; stand-on skid steers, walk-behind trenchers, stump grinders, material handlers, and other concrete construction equipment; walk power and zero-turn riding mowers, and snow throwers; and grass and hedge trimmers, blower-vacuums, chainsaws, edgers, cultivators, string mowers, and related parts and accessories. The company sells its products through distributors, dealers, mass retailers, hardware retailers, equipment rental and home centers, and online. The company was founded in 1914 and is headquartered in Bloomington, Minnesota.;tech
TTE;TotalEnergies SE, a multi-energy company, produces and markets oil and biofuels, natural gas, biogas and low-carbon hydrogen, renewables, and electricity in France, rest of Europe, and internationally. It operates through five segments: Exploration & Production, Integrated LNG, Integrated Power, Refining & Chemicals, and Marketing & Services. The Exploration & Production segment is involved in the exploration and production of oil and natural gas. The Integrated LNG segment comprises the integrated gas chain, including upstream and midstream liquified natural gas (LNG) activities, as well as biogas, hydrogen, and gas trading activities. The Integrated Power segment includes generation, storage, electricity trading, and B2B-B2C distribution of gas and electricity. The Refining & Chemicals segment consists of refining, petrochemicals, and specialty chemicals, as well as oil supply, trading, and marine shipping activities. The Marketing & Services segment supplies and markets petroleum products. The company was formerly known as TOTAL SE and changed its name to TotalEnergies SE in June 2021. TotalEnergies SE was founded in 1924 and is headquartered in Courbevoie, France.;tech
TTI;TETRA Technologies, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an energy services and solutions company. It operates through two segments, Completion Fluids & Products; and Water & Flowback Services. The Completion Fluids & Products segment manufactures and markets clear brine fluids, additives, and associated products and services to the oil and gas industry for use in well drilling, completion, and workover operations in the United States, as well as in Latin America, Europe, Asia, the Middle East, and Africa. This segment also markets liquid and dry calcium chloride products; and TETRA PureFlow ultra-pure zinc bromide to battery technology companies. Its Water & Flowback Services segment provides water management services for onshore oil and gas operators. This segment also offers frac flowback, production well testing, and other associated services in oil and gas producing regions in the United States, as well as in various basins in Latin America, Africa, Europe, and the Middle East. TETRA Technologies, Inc. was incorporated in 1981 and is headquartered in The Woodlands, Texas.;tech
TU;TELUS Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides a range of telecommunications and information technology products and services in Canada. It operates through Technology Solutions and Digitally-Led Customer Experiences segments. The Technology Solutions segment offers a range of telecommunications products and services; network services; healthcare services; mobile technologies equipment; data services, such as internet protocol; television; hosting, managed information technology, and cloud-based services; software, data management, and data analytics-driven smart food-chain and consumer goods technologies; home and business security; healthcare software and technology solutions; and voice and other telecommunications services, as well as mobile and fixed voice and data telecommunications services and products. The Digitally-Led Customer Experiences segment provides digital customer experience and digital-enablement transformation solutions, including artificial intelligence and content management solutions. The company was formerly known as TELUS Communications Inc. and changed its name to TELUS Corporation in February 2005. TELUS Corporation was incorporated in 1998 and is based in Vancouver, Canada.;tech
TUYA;Tuya Inc. provides AI cloud platform services in the People's Republic of China. The company through, its TuyaOpen open-source development framework and universal AI Agent engines, including the AI Agent development platform, integrates AI capabilities to lower barriers for AI development. It offers physical AI solutions for smart devices, commercial applications, and industry developers through its cloud computing and spatial intelligence capabilities. The company also provides AIoT ecosystem. This fosters a developer community comprising brands, OEMs, AI agents, system integrators, and independent software vendors who collaborate to create smart solution ecosystems embodying the principles of sustainability, security, efficiency, agility, and openness. The company was founded in 2014 and is based in Hangzhou, the People's Republic of China.;tech
TV;Grupo Televisa, S.A.B., together with its subsidiaries, owns and operates cable companies and provides direct-to-home satellite pay television system in Mexico and internationally. It operates through Cable and Sky segments. The company offers basic and premium television subscription, pay-per-view, installation, internet subscription, and telephone and mobile services subscription, as well as local and national advertising services; and data and long-distance services solutions to carriers and other telecommunications service providers through its fiber-optic network. It also provides direct-to-home broadcast satellite pay television services comprising program, installation, and equipment rental services to subscribers; and national advertising sales. Grupo Televisa, S.A.B. was founded in 1969 and is headquartered in Mexico City, Mexico.;tech
TWI;Titan International, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, manufactures and sells wheels, tires, and undercarriage systems and components for off-highway vehicles in the United States and internationally. The company operates in Agricultural, Earthmoving/Construction, and Consumer segments. It offers wheels, tires, and components for various agricultural equipment, including tractors, combines, skidders, plows, planters, and irrigation equipment, as well as for end-market verticals, including outdoor power equipment, power sports, and high speed trailers. The company also offers wheels, tires, and undercarriage systems and components for off-the-road earthmoving, mining, military, construction, and forestry equipment, including skid steers, aerial lifts, cranes, graders and levelers, scrapers, self-propelled shovel loaders, articulated dump trucks, load transporters, haul trucks, backhoe loaders, crawler tractors, lattice cranes, shovels, and hydraulic excavators. In addition, it provides bias and light truck tires; and products for ATVs, side-by-sides, rock climbers, and turf applications, as well as specialty products and train brakes. It sells its products directly to original equipment manufacturers, as well as to the aftermarket through independent distributors, equipment dealers, and its distribution centers. Titan International, Inc. was founded in 1890 and is headquartered in West Chicago, Illinois.;tech
TWLO;Twilio Inc., together with its subsidiaries, offers customer engagement platform solutions in the United States and internationally. It operates through two segments, Twilio Communications and Twilio Segment. The company provides various application programming interfaces and software solutions for communications between customers and end users, including messaging, voice, email, flex, marketing campaigns, and user authentication and identity. It also offers software products to build direct and personalized relationships with their end users, such as segment, a platform that provides tools to harness the power of contextual data by unifying real-time information collected comprising connections, protocols, unify, engages, and AI capabilities components. Twilio Inc. was incorporated in 2008 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California;tech
TWN;The Taiwan Fund, Inc. is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Nomura Asset Management U.S.A. Inc. It invests in the public equity markets of Taiwan. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It employs fundamental analysis focusing on such factors as overall growth prospects, competitive position in the respective industry, technology, research, and development, productivity, labor costs, raw material costs and sources, profit margins, return on investment, capital resources, government regulation, and management to create its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the TAIEX Total Return Index. The Taiwan Fund, Inc. was formed on December 23, 1986 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
TWO;Two Harbors Investment Corp. invests in, finances, and manages mortgage servicing rights (MSRs), agency residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS), and other financial assets through RoundPoint in the United States. The company target assets include agency RMBS collateralized by fixed rate mortgage loans, adjustable rate mortgage loans, hybrid mortgage loans, or derivatives; and other assets, such as financial and mortgage-related assets, comprising non-agency securities and non-hedging transactions. It qualifies as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. As a REIT, the company must distribute at least 90% of annual taxable income to its stockholders. Two Harbors Investment Corp. was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in Saint Louis Park, Minnesota.;tech
TWOD;Two Harbors Investment Corp. invests in, finances, and manages mortgage servicing rights (MSRs), agency residential mortgage-backed securities (RMBS), and other financial assets through RoundPoint in the United States. The company target assets include agency RMBS collateralized by fixed rate mortgage loans, adjustable rate mortgage loans, hybrid mortgage loans, or derivatives; and other assets, such as financial and mortgage-related assets, comprising non-agency securities and non-hedging transactions. It qualifies as a REIT for federal income tax purposes. As a REIT, the company must distribute at least 90% of annual taxable income to its stockholders. Two Harbors Investment Corp. was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in Saint Louis Park, Minnesota.;tech
TXNM;TXNM Energy, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides electricity and electric services in the United States. The company engages in the generation, transmission, and distribution of electricity for retail electric customers in New Mexico; and owns and leases communications, office and other equipment, office space, vehicles, energy storage facilities, and real estate. It also provides regulated transmission and distribution services in Texas, as well as owns and leases vehicles, service facilities, and office locations throughout its service territory. The company serves residential, commercial, and industrial customers and end-users of electricity in New Mexico and Texas. The company was formerly known as PNM Resources, Inc and changed its name to TXNM Energy, Inc. in August 2024. TXNM Energy, Inc. was founded in 1882 and is based in Albuquerque, New Mexico.;tech
TXO;TXO Partners, L.P., an oil and natural gas company, focuses on the acquisition, development, optimization, and exploitation of conventional oil, natural gas, and natural gas liquid reserves in North America. Its acreage positions are concentrated in the Permian Basin of West Texas and New Mexico; the San Juan Basin of New Mexico and Colorado; and the Williston Basin of Montana and North Dakota. The company was formerly known as TXO Energy Partners, L.P. and changed its name to TXO Partners, L.P. in May 2023. TXO Partners, L.P. was incorporated in 2012 and is based in Fort Worth, Texas.;tech
TXT;Textron Inc. operates in the aircraft, defense, industrial, and finance businesses worldwide. It operates in six segments: Textron Aviation, Bell, Textron Systems, Industrial, Textron eAviation, and Finance. The Textron Aviation segment manufactures, sells, and services business jets, turboprop and piston engine aircraft, and military trainer and defense aircraft; and offers maintenance, inspection, and repair services, as well as sells commercial parts. The Bell segment supplies military and commercial helicopters, tiltrotor aircrafts, and related spare parts and services. The Textron Systems segment offers unmanned aircraft systems, electronic systems and solutions, advanced marine crafts, piston aircraft engines, live military air-to-air and air-to-ship training, weapons and related components, and armored and specialty vehicles. The Industrial segment offers blow-molded solutions, including conventional plastic fuel tanks and pressurized fuel tanks for hybrid vehicle applications, clear-vision systems, plastic tanks for catalytic reduction systems, and battery housing systems for use in electric vehicles primarily to automobile original equipment manufacturers (OEMs); and golf cars, off-road utility vehicles, powersports products, light transportation vehicles, aviation ground support equipment, professional turf-maintenance equipment, and turf-care vehicles to golf courses and resorts, government agencies and municipalities, consumers, outdoor enthusiasts, and commercial and industrial users. The Textron eAviation segment manufactures and sells light aircraft and gliders with electric and combustion engines; and provides other research and development initiatives related to sustainable aviation solutions. The Finance segment offers financing services to purchase new and pre-owned aviation aircraft and Bell helicopters. Textron Inc. was founded in 1923 and is headquartered in Providence, Rhode Island.;tech
TY;Tri-Continental Corporation is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Columbia Management Investment Advisers, LLC. It primarily invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund invests in stocks of companies that operate across diversified sectors. It seeks to invest in stocks of large-cap companies. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against S&P 500 Index. Tri-Continental Corporation was formed in January 1929 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
TYG;Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corporation is a closed ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by Tortoise Capital Advisors L.L.C. The fund invests in the public equity markets of the United States. It seeks to invest in the stocks of companies operating in the energy infrastructure sector, with an emphasis on those companies that are engaged in transporting, processing, storing, distributing or marketing natural gas, natural gas liquids (primarily propane), coal, crude oil or refined petroleum products, or exploring, developing, managing or producing such commodities. The fund primarily invests in securities of publicly traded Master Limited Partnerships and stocks of companies having a market capitalization greater than $100 million. Tortoise Energy Infrastructure Corporation is domiciled in the United States.;tech
TYL;Tyler Technologies, Inc. provides integrated software and technology management solutions for the public sector. It operates in two segments, Enterprise Software and Platform Technologies. The company offers platform and transformative technology solutions, including cybersecurity, threat detection and response, customized employee training, and vulnerability testing; data and insights, and digital solutions; billing, presentment, merchant onboarding, collections, reconciliation, and disbursements; and outdoor recreation solutions for use in campsite reservations, activity registrations, licensing sales and renewals, and real-time data for conservation and park management. It also provides public administration solutions comprising civil services for managing permitting, enforcement, health and safety inspections, compliance, maintenance and work orders, 311 requests, and others; financial applications with human resources, revenue management, tax billing, utilities, asset management, and payment processing; property tax life cycle, including appraisal services, valuation, tax billing and collections, assessment administration, land and official records; and licensing and regulatory management solutions. In addition, the company offers courts and public safety solutions, K-12 education solutions, and health and human services solutions. Tyler Technologies, Inc. has a strategic collaboration agreement with Amazon Web Services for cloud hosting services. The company was founded in 1966 and is headquartered in Plano, Texas.;tech
U;Unity Software Inc. operates a platform to create and grow games and interactive experiences for mobile phones, PCs, consoles, and extended reality devices in the United States, China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, Canada, and Latin America. The company's platform offers artificial intelligence solutions that support developers through the entire development lifecycle, which includes prototyping, live service operation, user acquisition, and monetization. It also provides Create Solutions, a set of tools and services used to build, ship, and run real-time 2D and 3D content; and Grow Solutions, which allows customers to grow and engage their user base and monetize their content. In addition, the company offers enterprise support and consumption services; professional services, including consulting, platform integration, training, and custom application and workflow development services; and advertising and game publishing services. It provides its solutions directly through its online store, field sales operations, independent distributors, and resellers. The company serves enterprises, mid-market companies, and government and non-profit institutions; mid-sized, small, and independent businesses; and individuals across various industries. Unity Software Inc. was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
UA;Under Armour, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages developing, marketing, and distributing performance apparel, footwear, and accessories for men, women, and youth. The company provides its apparel in compression, fitted, and loose fit types. It also offers footwear products for running, training, basketball, cleated sports, recovery, and outdoor applications, as well as for casual use. In addition, the company provides accessories, which include gloves, bags, headwear, and socks; and engages in brand licensing, digital subscription, advertising, and other digital business activities. It primarily offers its products under the UNDER ARMOUR, ARMOUR, HEATGEAR, COLDGEAR, HOVR, UA, PROTECT THIS HOUSE, I WILL, ARMOUR FLEECE, and ARMOUR BRA brands. The company sells its products through wholesale channels, including national and regional sporting goods chains, independent and specialty retailers, department store chains, mono-branded Under Armour retail stores, institutional athletic departments, and leagues and teams, as well as independent distributors; and directly to consumers through Brand and Factory House stores and e-commerce websites. It operates in the United States, Canada, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia-Pacific, and Latin America. The company was incorporated in 1996 and is headquartered in Baltimore, Maryland.;tech
UAA;Under Armour, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages developing, marketing, and distributing performance apparel, footwear, and accessories for men, women, and youth. The company provides its apparel in compression, fitted, and loose fit types. It also offers footwear products for running, training, basketball, cleated sports, recovery, and outdoor applications, as well as for casual use. In addition, the company provides accessories, which include gloves, bags, headwear, and socks; and engages in brand licensing, digital subscription, advertising, and other digital business activities. It primarily offers its products under the UNDER ARMOUR, ARMOUR, HEATGEAR, COLDGEAR, HOVR, UA, PROTECT THIS HOUSE, I WILL, ARMOUR FLEECE, and ARMOUR BRA brands. The company sells its products through wholesale channels, including national and regional sporting goods chains, independent and specialty retailers, department store chains, mono-branded Under Armour retail stores, institutional athletic departments, and leagues and teams, as well as independent distributors; and directly to consumers through Brand and Factory House stores and e-commerce websites. It operates in the United States, Canada, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia-Pacific, and Latin America. The company was incorporated in 1996 and is headquartered in Baltimore, Maryland.;tech
UBER;Uber Technologies, Inc. develops and operates proprietary technology applications in the United States, Canada, Latin America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. It operates through three segments: Mobility, Delivery, and Freight. The Mobility segment connects consumers with a range of transportation modalities, such as ridesharing, carsharing, micromobility, rentals, public transit, taxis, and other modalities; and offers riders in a variety of vehicle types, as well as financial partnerships products and advertising services. The Delivery segment allows consumers to search for and discover restaurants to grocery, alcohol, convenience, and other retails, as well as order a meal or other items, and either pick-up at the restaurant or have it delivered; and provides Uber direct, a white-label delivery-as-a-service for retailers and restaurants, as well as advertising services. The Freight segment manages transportation and logistics network, which connects shippers and carriers in digital marketplace, including carriers upfronts, pricing, and shipment booking; and offers on-demand platform to automate logistics end-to-end transactions for small-and medium-sized business to global enterprises. The company was formerly known as Ubercab, Inc. and changed its name to Uber Technologies, Inc. in February 2011. Uber Technologies, Inc. was founded in 2009 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
UBS;UBS Group AG provides financial advice and solutions to private, institutional, and corporate clients worldwide. It operates through five divisions: Global Wealth Management, Personal & Corporate Banking, Asset Management, Investment Bank, and Non-core and Legacy. The company offers investment advice, estate and wealth planning, investing, corporate and banking, and investment management, as well as mortgage, securities-based, and structured lending solutions. It also provides personal banking products and services, such as deposits, credit and debit cards, and online and mobile banking, as well as lending, investments, retirement, and wealth management services; and corporate and institutional solutions, including equity and debt capital markets, syndicated and structured credit, private placements, leasing, traditional financing, and transaction banking solutions for payment and cash management services, trade and export finance, and global custody solutions. In addition, the company offers equities, fixed income, hedge funds, real estate and private markets, indexed and alternative beta strategies, asset allocation and currency investment strategies, customized multi-asset solutions, advisory and fiduciary services, and multi-manager hedge fund solutions and advisory services. Further, it advises clients on strategic business opportunities and helps them raise capital to fund their activities; enables its clients to buy, sell, and finance securities on capital markets and to manage risks and liquidity; distributes, trades in, finances, and clears cash equities and equity-linked products; structures, originates, and distributes new equity and equity-linked issues; and originates, distributes, manages risk, and provides liquidity in foreign exchange, rates, credit and precious metals. The company was formerly known as UBS AG and changed its name to UBS Group AG in December 2014. UBS Group AG was founded in 1862 and is headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland.;tech
UCB;United Community Banks, Inc. operates as the bank holding company for United Community Bank that provides financial products and services to commercial, retail, government, education, energy, health care, and real estate sectors in the United States. The company offers deposit products, including checking, savings, money market, and other deposit accounts; and lending services, such as real estate, commercial, consumer, secured and unsecured, and mortgage loans to individuals, small and mid-sized businesses, and non-profit organizations. It also originates loans partially guaranteed by the United States Small Business Administration and the United States Department of Agriculture loan programs. In addition, the company provides private banking, investment management, investment advice, financial planning, estate, and retirement planning and insurance products and services; trust services to manage fiduciary assets; non-deposit investment and insurance products, including life insurance, long-term care insurance, and tax-deferred annuities; and reinsurance on property insurance contracts. United Community Banks, Inc. was founded in 1950 and is headquartered in Greenville, South Carolina.;tech
UDR;UDR, Inc. (NYSE: UDR), an S&P 500 company, is a leading multifamily real estate investment trust with a demonstrated performance history of delivering superior and dependable returns by successfully managing, buying, selling, developing and redeveloping attractive real estate properties in targeted U.S. markets. As of June 30, 2025, UDR owned or had an ownership position in 60,535 apartment homes, including 300 apartment homes under development. For over 53 years, UDR has delivered long-term value to shareholders, the best standard of service to residents and the highest quality experience for associates.;tech
UE;Urban Edge Properties is a NYSE listed real estate investment trust focused on owning, managing, acquiring, developing, and redeveloping retail real estate in urban communities, primarily in the Washington, D.C. to Boston corridor. Urban Edge owns 74 properties totaling 17.3 million square feet of gross leasable area.;tech
UFI;Unifi, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the manufacture and sale of recycled and synthetic products in North America, Central America, South America, Asia, and Europe. It offers polyester products, including partially oriented yarn, textured, solution and package dyed, twisted, beamed, and draw wound yarns in virgin or recycled varieties; and nylon products comprise virgin or recycled textured, solution dyed, and spandex covered yarns. The company also provides recycled solutions made from pre-consumer and post-consumer waste, such as plastic bottle flakes, polyester polymer beads, and staple fiber. It offers recycled and synthetic products primarily to yarn manufacturers, knitters, and weavers that produces yarn and fabric for the apparel, hosiery, automotive, home furnishings, industrial, medical, and other end-use markets. The company sells its products through sales force and independent sales agents under the REPREVE brand. Unifi, Inc. was incorporated in 1969 and is headquartered in Greensboro, North Carolina.;tech
UGI;UGI Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the distribution, storage, transportation, and marketing of energy products and related services in the United States and internationally. The company operates through four segments: Utilities, Midstream & Marketing, UGI International, and AmeriGas Propane. It distributes propane to approximately 1.1 million residential, commercial/industrial, motor fuel, agricultural, and wholesale customers through 1,360 propane distribution locations. The company distributes liquefied petroleum gases (LPG) to residential, commercial, industrial, agricultural, wholesale and automobile fuel customers; and provides logistics, storage, and other services to third-party LPG distributors. In addition, it engages in the retail sale of natural gas, liquid fuels, and electricity to approximately 10,800 residential, commercial, and industrial customers at 40,000 locations. Further, the company distributes natural gas to approximately 689,000 customers in eastern and central Pennsylvania counties through its distribution system of approximately 12,700 miles of gas mains; and supplies electricity to approximately 62,900 customers in northeastern Pennsylvania through 2,700 miles of lines and 14 substations. Additionally, it operates electric generation facilities, including solar-powered facilities; a natural gas liquefaction, storage, and vaporization facility; propane storage and propane-air mixing stations; and rail transshipment terminals. It manages natural gas pipeline and storage contracts; develops, owns, and operates pipelines, gathering infrastructure, and gas storage facilities. UGI Corporation was incorporated in 1882 and is headquartered in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania.;tech
UGP;Ultrapar Participações S.A., through its subsidiaries, operates in the energy and infrastructure business in Brazil. The company distributes liquefied petroleum gas to residential, commercial, and industrial consumers. In addition, the company is involved in the distribution and marketing of gasoline, ethanol, diesel, fuel oil, kerosene, natural gas for vehicles, and lubricants; and holds AmPm convenience stores and provides Jet Oil lubricant services. Further, it operates liquid bulk storage terminals. Additionally, the company offers digital payments services, combining the abastece aí app and the loyalty program Km de Vantagens. It also exports its products and services to customers in Europe, the United States, Canada, other Latin American countries, Asia, and internationally. The company was founded in 1937 and is headquartered in São Paulo, Brazil.;tech
UHAL;U-Haul Holding Company operates as a do-it-yourself moving and storage operator for household and commercial goods in the United States and Canada. It operates through three segments: Moving and Storage, Property and Casualty Insurance, and Life Insurance. It rents trucks, trailers, fixed and portable moving and storage units, specialty rental items, and self-storage spaces primarily to the household movers; and sells moving supplies, towing accessories, and propane. The company also provides uhaul.com, an online marketplace that connects consumers to independent moving help service providers and independent self-storage affiliates; auto transport and toy hauler, and tow dolly options to transport the vehicles; and specialty boxes for dishes, computers, flat screen television, sensitive electronic equipment, tapes, security locks, and packing supplies. In addition, it rents self-moving products and services through a network of managed retail moving stores and independent U-Haul dealers, as well as rents equipment. Further, the company provides moving and storage protection packages, such as Safemove and Safetow packages, which offer moving and towing customers with a damage waiver, cargo protection, and medical and life insurance coverage; Safestor that protects storage and U-Box customers from loss on their goods in storage; Safehaul, which protect customers' belongings in transit through its U-Box portable moving and storage units; Safemove Plus, which provides rental customers with a layer of primary liability protection; Safetrip, a supplemental roadside protection for the customers equipment; and loss adjusting and claims handling services. Additionally, it offers life and health insurance products primarily to the senior market through the direct writing and reinsuring of life insurance, Medicare supplement, and annuity policies. The company was formerly known as AMERCO. U-Haul Holding Company was founded in 1945 and is based in Reno, Nevada.;tech
UHS;Universal Health Services, Inc., through its subsidiaries, owns and operates acute care hospitals, and outpatient and behavioral health care facilities. It operates through Acute Care Hospital Services and Behavioral Health Care Services segments. The company's hospitals offer general and specialty surgery, internal medicine, obstetrics, emergency room care, radiology, oncology, diagnostic and coronary care, pediatric, pharmacy, and/or behavioral health services. It also provides commercial health insurance services; and various management services, including central purchasing, information services, finance and control systems, facilities planning, physician recruitment, administrative personnel management, marketing, and public relations services. The company was founded in 1978 and is headquartered in King of Prussia, Pennsylvania.;tech
UI;Ubiquiti Inc. develops networking technology for service providers, enterprises, and consumers in North America, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, Asia Pacific, South America. The company develops technology platforms for high-capacity distributed Internet access, unified information technology, and consumer electronics for professional, home, and personal use. Its service provider product platforms offer carrier-class network infrastructure for fixed wireless broadband, wireless backhaul systems, and routing and related software; and enterprise product platforms provide wireless LAN infrastructure, video surveillance products, switching and routing solutions, security gateways, door access systems, and other WLAN products. It also provides technology platforms, such as UniFi Cloud Gateway, an Enterprise class internet and security gateway device; UniFi Wi-Fi, an enterprise Wi-Fi system; UniFi Protect, a video surveillance platform; UniFi Switch that deliver performance, switching, and power of ethernet support for enterprise networks; UniFi Access, a door access solution; UniFi Talk, a plug-and-play phone system and VoIP subscription service, as well as UniFi Connect and its AmpliFi platform. In addition, the company offers airMAX, which include proprietary protocols that contain technologies for minimizing signal noise; airFiber, a wireless backhauls point-to-point radio system; UFiber GPON, a plug and play fiber network technology to build high speed fiber internet networks; and Wave, a technology platform. Further, the company provides base stations, radios, backhaul equipment, and customer premise equipment; embedded radio products; and antennas. It serves customers through a network of distributors, online retailers, and direct to customers through webstores. The company was formerly known as Ubiquiti Networks, Inc. and changed its name to Ubiquiti Inc. in August 2019. Ubiquiti Inc. was incorporated in 2003 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
UIS;Unisys Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, operates as an information technology solutions company in the United States, the United Kingdom, and internationally. It operates in three segments: Digital Workplace Solutions (DWS); Cloud, Applications & Infrastructure Solutions (CA&I); and Enterprise Computing Solutions (ECS). The DWS segment provides workplace solutions, such as intelligent workplace services, unified experience management, modern device management, workplace as a service, and seamless collaboration. Its CA&I segment offers cloud services, cloud artificial intelligence services, application services, data services, and cybersecurity solutions; and digital transformation in the areas of cloud migration and management, applications and infrastructure transformation, and modernization solutions. The ECS segment provides license and support solutions, such as ClearPath Forward that provides a secure and scalable operating environment for high-intensity enterprise computing; and specialized services, next-generation computing, and industry solutions. It also offers various micro-market and business process solutions. The company serves the financial services, travel and transportation, telecommunications, and healthcare industries; state, local, and non-U.S. government agencies; and not-for-profit organizations. Unisys Corporation was founded in 1873 and is headquartered in Blue Bell, Pennsylvania.;tech
UL;Unilever PLC operates as a fast-moving consumer goods company in the Asia Pacific, Africa, the Americas, and Europe. It operates through five segments: Beauty & Wellbeing, Personal Care, Home Care, Foods, and Ice Cream. The Beauty & Wellbeing segment engages in the sale of hair care products, such as shampoo, conditioner, and styling; skin care products, including face, hand, and body moisturizers; and Prestige beauty and wellbeing products. The Personal Care segment offers skin cleansing products comprising soaps and showers; deodorants; and oral care products consisting of toothpaste, toothbrush, and mouthwash products. The Home Care segment is involved in the sale of fabric care products, including washing powders and liquids, and rinse conditioners; and fabric enhancers, and home and hygiene cleaning products. The Foods segment provides cooking aids and mini meals, such as soups, bouillons, and seasonings, as well as condiments, mayonnaise and ketchup, and food solutions. The Ice Cream segment offers ice cream products, including in-home and out-of-home ice creams. The company provides its products under the AXE, Ben & Jerry's, Clear, Cif, Closeup, Comfort, Cornetto, Dermalogica, Domestos, Dove, Dove Men+Care, Hellmann's, Horlicks, Knorr, LUX, Lifebuoy, Liquid I.V., Magnum, Nutrafol, OMO, Pond's, Paula's Choice, Pepsodent, Rexona, Sunlight, Sunsilk, Surf, TRESemmé, Vaseline, Wall's, and Yasso brand names. Unilever PLC was founded in 1860 and is headquartered in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
ULS;UL Solutions Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides testing, inspection and certification, and related software and advisory services worldwide. It operates through three segments: Industrial, Consumer, and Software and Advisory. The Industrial segment provides testing, inspection, and certification services across various end markets, including energy, industrial automation, engineered materials, and built environment, as well as stakeholders, such as manufacturers, building and asset owners, end users, and regulators. The Consumer segment offers safety certification testing, ongoing certification, global market access, testing for connectivity, performance and quality, and critical systems advisory and training services, as well as product market acceptance and risk mitigation services for customers in the consumer products end markets comprising consumer electronics, medical devices, information technologies, appliances, HVAC, lighting, and retail, as well as consumer applications, such as new mobility, smart products, and 5G. The Software and Advisory segment provide software and technical advisory services that enable customers to manage regulatory requirements, deliver supply chain transparency, and operationalize sustainability. It offers ULTRUS, a software that helps customers meet regulatory, supply chain, and sustainability challenges. UL Solutions Inc. was formerly known as UL Inc. and changed its name to UL Solutions Inc. in June 2022. The company was founded in 1894 and is headquartered in Northbrook, Illinois. UL Solutions Inc. is a subsidiary of ULSE Inc.;tech
UMC;United Microelectronics Corporation operates as a semiconductor wafer foundry in Taiwan, China, Hong Kong, Japan, Korea, the United States, Europe, and internationally. The company manufactures and sells integrated circuits. It offers backend and design support services for mobile and wireless communications, IoT and wearables, computing and data processing, and automotive markets. The company also provides venture capital and marketing support; consulting and advisory; energy technical; solar engineering integrated design; research and development services; and insurance services. United Microelectronics Corporation was incorporated in 1980 and is headquartered in Hsinchu City, Taiwan.;tech
UMH;UMH Properties, Inc., which was organized in 1968, is a public equity REIT that currently owns and operates 144 manufactured home communities containing approximately 26,800 developed homesites, of which 10,600 contain rental homes, and over 1,000 self-storage units. These communities are located in New Jersey, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Indiana, Maryland, Michigan, Alabama, South Carolina, Florida and Georgia. Included in the 144 communities are two communities in Florida, containing 363 sites, and one community in Pennsylvania, that UMH has an ownership interest in and operates through its joint venture with Nuveen Real Estate.;tech
UNF;UniFirst Corporation provides workplace uniforms and protective work wear clothing in the United States, Europe, and Canada. The company operates through United States and Canadian Rental and Cleaning; Manufacturing; Specialty Garments Rental and Cleaning; and First Aid segments. It designs, manufactures, personalizes, rents, cleans, delivers, and sells various uniforms and protective clothing, including shirts, pants, jackets, coveralls, lab coats, smocks, and aprons; and specialized protective wear, such as flame resistant and high visibility garments. The company also rents and sells industrial wiping products, floor mats, facility management and service products, and dry and wet mops; restroom and cleaning supplies comprising air fresheners, paper products, gloves, masks, sanitizers, and hand soaps; and other textile products. In addition, it provides first aid cabinet services and other safety supplies; decontaminates and cleans work clothes, and other items that is exposed to radioactive materials; and services special cleanroom protective wear and facilities. Further, it offers a garment service options, including full-service rental programs, lease programs, and purchase programs; and safety training to a various manufacturers, retailers and service companies. The company serves automobile service centers and dealers, delivery services, food and general merchandise retailers, manufacturers, maintenance facilities, restaurants and food-related businesses, business service providers, soft and durable goods wholesalers, transportation and warehousing companies, healthcare providers, energy production, and transmission operations, government agencies, research and development laboratories, high technology companies, cleanroom operators, and utilities operating nuclear reactors, as well as other employee clothing for image, identification, protection, or utility purposes. The company was founded in 1936 and is headquartered in Wilmington, Massachusetts.;tech
UNFI;United Natural Foods, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, distributes natural, organic, specialty, produce, and conventional grocery and non-food products in the United States and Canada. It operates in two segments, Wholesale and Retail. The company offers grocery and general merchandise, produce, perishables and frozen foods, wellness and personal care items, and bulk and foodservice products. It also provides nuts, dried fruit, seeds, trail mixes, granola, natural and organic snack items, and confections under the Woodstock Farms Manufacturing name; organic, non-GMO project verified, and specialty food and non-food items under the Blue Marble brand name; pet food under the WILD HARVEST brand name; and various products under the ESSENTIAL EVERYDAY, SHOPPERS VALUE, Field Day, EQUALINE, CULINARY CIRCLE, and STONE RIDGE CREAMERY brand names. In addition, the company provides home, health and beauty care, and pharmacy products, as well as private label products through a network of Cub Foods and Shoppers retail grocery stores; and retail store support, pricing strategy, shelf and planogram management, advertising, couponing, ecommerce, consumer convenience, store design, equipment sourcing, electronic payments processing, network and data hosting, point-of-sale hardware and software, automation tools, sustainability, and administrative back-office solution services, as well as professional services. Further, it offers consumer and trade marketing programs, and programs to support suppliers in understanding its markets. The company serves chains, independent retailers, and supernatural chains, as well as ecommerce, foodservice, conventional military business, and other sales customers. United Natural Foods, Inc. was founded in 1976 and is headquartered in Providence, Rhode Island.;tech
UNH;UnitedHealth Group Incorporated operates as a health care company in the United States and internationally. The company operates through four segments: UnitedHealthcare, Optum Health, Optum Insight, and Optum Rx. The UnitedHealthcare segment offers consumer-oriented health benefit plans and services for national employers, public sector employers, mid-sized employers, small businesses, and individuals; health care coverage, and health and well-being services to individuals age 50 and older; Medicaid plans, children's health insurance and health care programs; and health care benefits products and services to state programs caring for the economically disadvantaged, medically underserved, and those without the benefit of employer-funded health care coverage. The Optum Health segment provides care delivery, care management, wellness and consumer engagement, and health financial services patients, consumers, care delivery systems, providers, employers, payers, and public-sector entities. The Optum Insight segment offers software and information products, advisory consulting arrangements, and managed services outsourcing contracts to hospital systems, physicians, health plans, governments, life sciences companies, and other organizations. The Optum Rx segment provides pharmacy care services and programs, including retail network contracting, home delivery, specialty and community health pharmacy services, infusion, and purchasing and clinical capabilities, as well as develops programs in the areas of step therapy, formulary management, drug adherence, and disease and drug therapy management. UnitedHealth Group Incorporated was founded in 1974 and is based in Eden Prairie, Minnesota.;tech
UNM;Unum Group, together with its subsidiaries, provides financial protection benefit solutions in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Poland. It operates through Unum US, Unum International, Colonial Life, and Closed Block segment. The company offers group long-term and short-term disability, group life, and accidental death and dismemberment products; supplemental and voluntary products, such as voluntary benefits, individual disability, and dental and vision products; and accident, sickness, disability, life, and cancer and critical illness products. It also provides group pension, individual life and corporate-owned life insurance, reinsurance pools and management operations, and other miscellaneous products. The company sells its products to employers for the benefit of employees. It sells its products through field sales personnel, independent brokers, consultants, and independent contractor agent sales force and brokers. Unum Group was founded in 1848 and is based in Chattanooga, Tennessee.;tech
UNP;Union Pacific Corporation, through its subsidiary, Union Pacific Railroad Company, operates in the railroad business in the United States. It offers transportation services for grain and grain products, fertilizers, food and refrigerated products, and coal and renewables to grain processors, animal feeders, and ethanol and renewable biofuel producers; and construction products, industrial chemicals, plastics, forest products, specialized products, metals and ores, petroleum, liquid petroleum gases, soda ash, and sand, as well as finished automobiles, automotive parts, and merchandise in intermodal containers. The company was founded in 1862 and is headquartered in Omaha, Nebraska.;tech
UP;Wheels Up Experience Inc. provides private aviation services in the United States and internationally. The company offers Wheels Up Membership program that consists of two primary membership categories, such as Individual membership for individual and business fliers; and UP for Business membership for small and medium enterprises, as well as custom enterprise solutions for business fliers that tend to spend at higher levels. Its Wheels Up Charter provides charter flight services for passenger groups, sports teams, global corporate events, and tour operations, as well as global passenger, cargo, emergency, and government services. In addition, the company offers wholesale charter services; group charter and cargo flight services; maintenance, repair, and operations services; fixed-base operator services; safety and security services; and government, defense, emergency, and medical transport missions. It serves individuals, small and medium enterprises, and corporate customers. As of December 31, 2024, the company operated through a fleet of 154 owned and leased aircraft. Wheels Up Experience Inc. was founded in 2013 and is headquartered in Chamblee, Georgia.;tech
UPS;United Parcel Service, Inc., a package delivery and logistics provider, offers transportation and delivery services. It operates through two segments, U.S. Domestic Package and International Package. The U.S. Domestic Package segment offers time-definite delivery services for express letters, documents, packages and palletized freight through air and ground services in the United States. The International Package segment provides small package operations in Europe, the Indian sub-continent, the Middle East and Africa, Canada and Latin America, and Asia. The company offers a range of guaranteed day- and time-definite international shipping services; day-definite services; cross-border ground package delivery; contract-only, e-commerce solutions for non-urgent, and cross-border shipments; and international service for urgent and palletized shipments. It also provides international air and ocean freight forwarding, contract logistics, custom brokerage and insurance, mail services, healthcare logistics, distribution, and post-sales services. United Parcel Service, Inc. was founded in 1907 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
URI;United Rentals, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates as an equipment rental company. It operates in two segments, General Rentals and Specialty. The General Rentals segment rents general construction and industrial equipment includes backhoes, skid-steer loaders, forklifts, earthmoving equipment, and material handling equipment; aerial work platforms, such as boom and scissor lifts; and general tools and light equipment comprising pressure washers, water pumps, and power tools for construction and industrial companies, manufacturers, utilities, municipalities, homeowners, and government entities. The specialty segment rents trench safety equipment consists of trench shields, aluminum hydraulic shoring systems, slide rails, crossing plates, construction lasers, and line testing equipment for underground work; power and heating, ventilating, and air conditioning equipment, such as portable diesel generators, electrical distribution equipment, and temperature control equipment; fluid solutions equipment for fluid containment, transfer, and treatment; surface protection mats; and mobile storage equipment and modular office space. This segment serves construction companies involved in infrastructure projects, and municipalities and industrial companies. It also sells aerial lifts, reach forklifts, telehandlers, compressors, and generators; construction consumables, tools, small equipment, and safety supplies; and parts for equipment that is owned by its customers, as well as provides repair and maintenance services. The company sells used equipment through its sales force, brokers, website, at auctions, and directly to manufacturers. The company operates in the United States, Canada, Europe, Australia, and New Zealand. United Rentals, Inc. was incorporated in 1997 and is headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut.;tech
USA;Liberty All Star Equity Fund is a closed-ended equity mutual fund launched and managed by ALPS Advisers, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Aristotle Capital Management, LLC, Pzena Investment Management, LLC, Delaware Investments Fund Advisers, Sustainable Growth Advisers, LP, and TCW Investment Management Company. It invests in the public equity markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in stocks of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in value and growth stocks of large cap companies. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Lipper Large-Cap Core Mutual Fund Average, the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the NASDAQ Composite Index, and the S&P 500 Index. Liberty All Star Equity Fund was formed on October 31, 1986 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
USAC;USA Compression Partners, LP provides natural gas compression services in the United States. The company offers compression services to oil companies and independent producers, processors, gatherers, and transporters of natural gas and crude oil. It also provides compression services for infrastructure applications, including centralized natural gas gathering systems and processing facilities, and gas lift applications in crude oil wells. In addition, the company owns and operates a fleet of equipment to offer natural gas treating services, such as carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulfide removal, as well as natural gas cooling and dehydration to natural gas producers and midstream companies. As of December 31, 2024, it has 3,862,102 horsepower in its fleet. USA Compression Partners, LP was founded in 1998 and is headquartered in Dallas, Texas.;tech
USFD;US Foods Holding Corp., together with its subsidiaries, engages in marketing, sale, and distribution of fresh, frozen, and dry food and non-food products to foodservice customers in the United States. Its customers include independently owned single and multi-unit restaurants, regional concepts, national restaurant chains, hospitals, nursing homes, hotels and motels, country clubs, government and military organizations, colleges and universities, and retail locations. The company was formerly known as USF Holding Corp. and changed its name to US Foods Holding Corp. in February 2016. US Foods Holding Corp. was incorporated in 2007 and is headquartered in Rosemont, Illinois.;tech
USNA;USANA Health Sciences, Inc. develops, manufactures, and sells science-based nutritional, personal care, and skincare products in the Asia Pacific, the Americas, and Europe. It operates in two segments, Direct selling and Hiya Direct-To-Consumer. The company offers USANA nutritional optimizers, including supplements for cardiovascular health, skeletal/structural health, and digestive health; Essentials/CellSentials, such as vitamin and mineral supplements for age group beginning with children 13 months of age; and food products that include meal replacement shakes, snack bars, and other related products for healthy weight management, digestive health, and energy and hydration. It also provides Celavive, a skincare regimen for various skin care types and ethnicities; and all other products comprising materials and online tools for associates to build business and marketing of products The company sells its products through retail customers, a subscription model, and direct selling, as well as online. The company has a research collaboration agreement with Beijing University of Chinese Medicine; and National Sports Training Bureau. USANA Health Sciences, Inc. was founded in 1992 and is headquartered in Salt Lake City, Utah.;tech
USPH;U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. operates and manages outpatient physical therapy clinics. The company operates through two segments, Physical Therapy Operations and Industrial Injury Prevention Services. The company provides pre-and post-operative care and treatment for orthopedic-related disorders, sports-related injuries, preventative care, rehabilitation of injured workers, and neurological-related injuries. It offers industrial injury prevention services, including onsite injury prevention and rehabilitation, performance optimization, post-offer employment testing, functional capacity evaluations, and ergonomic assessments through physical therapists and specialized certified athletic trainers for Fortune 500 companies, and other clients comprising insurers and their contractors. U.S. Physical Therapy, Inc. was founded in 1990 and is based in Houston, Texas.;tech
UTF;Cohen & Steers Infrastructure Fund, Inc. is a closed-end equity fund launched by Cohen & Steers, Inc. The fund is managed by Cohen & Steers Capital Management, Inc. It invests in public equity markets of the United States. The fund invests primarily in value stocks of infrastructure companies across all market capitalizations. It employs fundamental analysis to make its investments. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against a composite index of 80% FTSE Global Core Infrastructure 50/50 Net Tax Index (FTSE 50/50) and 20% BofA Merrill Lynch Fixed-Rate Preferred Securities Index. It was formerly known as Cohen & Steers Select Utility Fund, Inc. Cohen & Steers Infrastructure Fund, Inc. was formed on January 8, 2004 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
UTI;Universal Technical Institute, Inc. provides transportation, skilled trades, and healthcare education programs in the United States. The company operates in two segments, UTI and Concorde. It offers certificate, diploma, or degree programs under various brands, such as Universal Technical Institute, Motorcycle Mechanics Institute, Marine Mechanics Institute, NASCAR Technical Institute, and MIAT College of Technology. The company also provides manufacturer specific advanced training programs, including student paid electives at its campuses; and manufacturer or dealer sponsored training at various campuses and dedicated training centers. It serves students, partners, and communities by providing education and support services in various fields. Universal Technical Institute, Inc. was founded in 1965 and is headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona.;tech
UTL;Unitil Corporation, a public utility holding company, engages in the distribution of electricity and natural gas. It operates through two segments, Utility Electric Operations, Utility Gas Operations. The company distributes electricity in the southeastern seacoast and state capital regions of New Hampshire, and the greater Fitchburg area of north central Massachusetts; and distributes natural gas in southeastern New Hampshire and portions of southern and central Maine, including the city of Portland and the Lewiston-Auburn area, as well as electricity and natural gas in the greater Fitchburg area of north central Massachusetts. It also operates 85 miles of interstate underground natural gas transmission pipeline that provides interstate natural gas pipeline access and transportation services primarily in Maine and New Hampshire. In addition, the company provides real estate management services. It serves approximately 109,400 electric customers and 89,100 natural gas customers. Unitil Corporation was incorporated in 1984 and is headquartered in Hampton, New Hampshire.;tech
UTZ;Utz Brands, Inc. engages in manufacture, marketing, and distribution of snack foods in the United States. The company offers various salty snacks, including potato chips, tortilla chips, pretzels, cheese snacks, pub/party mixes, pork skins, ready-to-eat popcorn, and other snacks which include salsa and dips, as well as seasonal favorites. It sells its products under the Utz, Zapp's, On The Border, Golden Flake, and Boulder Canyon, TORTIYAHS!, Hawaiian, Bachman, Tim's Cascade, Dirty Potato Chips, TGI Fridays, and Vitner's brands through DSD and direct-to-warehouse distribution methods, retailers or via distributors, supermarkets, mass merchandisers, club warehouses, convenience stores and other large-scale retailers, merchants, distributors, brokers, wholesalers, and Ios. The company was founded in 1921 and is headquartered in Hanover, Pennsylvania.;tech
UVE;Universal Insurance Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an integrated insurance holding company in the United States. It offers insurance products for personal residential insurance, such as homeowners, renters and tenants, condo unit owners, and dwelling and fire; and allied lines, coverage for other structures, and personal property, liability, and personal articles coverages. The company also advises on actuarial issues, oversees distribution, administers claims payments, performs policy administration and underwriting, and assists with reinsurance negotiations; evaluates insurance risk and exposures on an individual and portfolio basis and assists the insurance entities with pricing risks; places and manages its reinsurance programs; and operates its digital insurance agency, Clovered.com. It offers its products through its independent agency network, direct-to-consumer online distribution, and digital insurance agency platform. The company was formerly known as Universal Heights, Inc. and changed its name to Universal Insurance Holdings, Inc. in January 2001. Universal Insurance Holdings, Inc. was incorporated in 1990 and is headquartered in Fort Lauderdale, Florida.;tech
UVV;Universal Corporation, a business-to-business agriproducts company, provides leaf tobacco and plant-based ingredients to food and beverage end markets worldwide. The company operates in two segments, Tobacco Operations and Ingredients Operations. The Tobacco Operations segment is involved in procuring, processing, packing, storing, and shipping of flue-cured, burley, dark air-cured, and oriental leaf tobacco for consumer product manufacturers, as well as provision of related services. This segment also offers specialty services, such as custom blending, chemical and physical testing of tobacco, service cutting, reconstituted leaf tobacco manufacturing, and just-in-time product delivery services; and liquid nicotine for tobacco products manufacturers, as well as recycled waste materials from tobacco production. The Ingredients Operations segment engages in the production of specialty plant-based ingredients, including fruits, vegetables, herbs, fruit and vegetable juices, concentrates, pomaces, ciders, purees, nutraceuticals, fruit fibers, seeds, seed powders, dehydrated products, botanical extracts, distillates, natural flavors, colors, and other value-added products for consumer-packaged goods manufacturers and retailers, as well as food, beverage, and flavor companies. The company was founded in 1886 and is headquartered in Richmond, Virginia.;tech
V;Visa Inc. operates as a payment technology company in the United States and internationally. The company operates VisaNet, a transaction processing network that enables authorization, clearing, and settlement of payment transactions. It also offers credit, debit, and prepaid card products; tap to pay, tokenization, and click to pay services; Visa Direct, a solution that facilitates the delivery of funds to eligible cards, bank accounts, and digital wallets; Visa B2B Connect, a multilateral business-to-business cross-border payments network; Visa Cross-Border Solution, a cross-border consumer payments solution; and Visa DPS that provides a range of value-added services, including fraud mitigation, dispute management, data analytics, campaign management, a suite of digital solutions, and contact center services. The company also provides acceptance solutions, which include Cybersource and Authorize.net that provides new and enhanced payment integrations with ecommerce platforms, enabling sellers and acquirers to offer tailored commerce experiences; risk and identity solutions, such as Visa Advanced Authorization, Visa Secure, Visa Consumer Authentication Service, Visa Protect Authentication Intelligence, and Visa Provisioning Intelligence; and Visa Consulting and Analytics, a payment consulting advisory services. It provides its services under the Visa, Visa Electron, Interlink, V PAY, and PLUS brands. The company serves merchants, financial institutions, and government entities. Visa Inc. was founded in 1958 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
VAC;Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation, a vacation company, engages in the vacation ownership, exchange, rental, and resort and property management businesses in the United States and internationally. The company operates in two segments, Vacation Ownership and Exchange & Third-Party Management. It develops, markets, sells, and manages vacation ownership and related products under the Marriott Vacation Club, Grand Residences by Marriott, Sheraton Vacation Club, Westin Vacation Club, Hyatt Vacation Club, and Ritz-Carlton Club brands; and holds non-exclusive right to develop, market, and sell whole ownership residential products under the Ritz-Carlton Residences brand name, as well as has a license to use the St. Regis brand for specified fractional ownership products. The company also offers exchange network and membership programs, as well as management services to other resorts and lodging properties through its Interval International and Aqua-Aston businesses. In addition, it provides financing consumer purchases of vacation ownership products; and renting vacation ownership inventory. The company sells its upper upscale tier vacation ownership products under its brands primarily through a network of resort-based sales centers and certain off-site sales locations. Marriott Vacations Worldwide Corporation was founded in 1984 and is headquartered in Orlando, Florida.;tech
VALE;Vale S.A., together with its subsidiaries, produces iron ore and nickel in Asia, the Americas, Europe, and internationally. It operates through Iron Solutions and Energy Transition Materials segments. The company  extracts, produces, and distributes iron ore, iron ore pellets, briquettes, and other ferrous products; and operates mining complexes, railways, maritime terminals, and ports for the transportation of its products. It also produces nickel, copper, cobalt, and by-products, such as gold, silver, cobalt, platinum group metals, and other precious metals. In addition, the company engages in greenfield mineral exploration; invests in energy businesses through renewable sources; research; trading; and pelletizing plant. It exports its products. The company was formerly known as Companhia Vale do Rio Doce and changed its name to Vale S.A. in May 2009. Vale S.A. was founded in 1942 and is headquartered in Rio De Janeiro, Brazil.;tech
VATE;INNOVATE Corp., through its subsidiaries, operates in infrastructure, life sciences, and spectrum areas in the United States. The Infrastructure segment provides industrial construction, structural steel, and facility maintenance services, such as fabrication and erection of structural steel and heavy steel plate services, and large-diameter water pipes and water storage tanks; fabrication of trusses and girders; and 3-D building information modeling and detailing for commercial, industrial, and infrastructure construction projects, such as buildings and office complexes, hotels and casinos, convention centers, sports arenas and stadiums, shopping malls, hospitals, dams, bridges, mines, metal processing, refineries, pulp and paper mills, and power plants. This segment also offers solutions for digital engineering, modeling and detailing, construction, and heavy equipment installation and facility services, including maintenance, repair, and installation; and manufactures pollution control scrubbers, tunnel liners, pressure vessels, strainers, filters, separators, and various customized products. The Life Sciences segment develops products to treat early osteoarthritis of the knee; and aesthetic and medical technologies for the skin. The Spectrum segment operates over-the-air broadcasting stations across the United States. The company was formerly known as HC2 Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to INNOVATE Corp. in September 2021. The company was incorporated in 1994 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
VBF;Invesco Bond Fund is a close ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Invesco Ltd. The fund is co-managed by Invesco Advisers, Inc, INVESCO Asset Management (Japan) Limited, INVESCO Asset Management Deutschland GmbH, INVESCO Asset Management Limited, Invesco Hong Kong Limited, INVESCO Senior Secured Management, Inc., and Invesco Canada Ltd. It invests in fixed income markets. The fund primarily invests in fixed-rate investment-grade corporate bonds. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Baa U.S. Corporate Bond Index. It was formerly known as Invesco Van Kampen Bond Fund. Invesco Bond Fund was formed in 1970 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
VCV;Invesco California Value Municipal Income Trust is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Invesco Ltd. The fund is co-managed by Invesco Advisers, Inc., Invesco Asset Management (Japan) Limited, Invesco Asset Management Deutschland GmbH, Invesco Asset Management Limited, Invesco Canada Ltd., Invesco Hong Kong Limited, and Invesco Senior Secured Management, Inc. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund primarily invests in investment grade California municipal securities which include municipal bonds, municipal notes, municipal commercial paper, and lease obligations. It employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up security selection approach to create its portfolio. The fund was formerly known as Invesco Van Kampen California Value Municipal Income Trust. Invesco California Value Municipal Income Trust was formed on April 30, 1993 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
VEEV;Veeva Systems Inc. provides cloud-based software for the life sciences industry in North America, Europe, the Asia Pacific, the Middle East, Africa, and Latin America. The company offers Veeva Commercial Cloud comprising Veeva Vault CRM Suite for pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies; Veeva Medical that provides source of medical content across multiple channels and geographies; Veeva PromoMats, an end-to-end content and digital asset management solution; and Veeva Crossix, an analytics platform for pharmaceutical brands. It also provides Veeva Data Cloud consisting of Veeva OpenData, a customer reference data solution; Veeva Link, which provides deep data; Veeva Compass, which includes de-identified and longitudinal patient data; and Veeva CRM Pulse that provides access and multichannel engagement metrics. In addition, the company offers Veeva Development Cloud consisting of Veeva Clinical Platform, which advances clinical trial execution; Veeva Clinical Data Management that helps sponsors and CROs design and run trials; Veeva Safety, which unifies systems and processes; and Veeva RIM that provides regulatory information management capabilities; as well as Veeva Quality Cloud, which is used by the life sciences and consumer products industries; and Veeva Business Consulting services. Further, it provides professional and support services, including implementation and deployment planning, and project management; requirements analysis, solution design, and configuration; systems environment management and deployment; services focused on advancing or transforming business and operating processes; technical consulting services on data migration and systems integrations; training; and ongoing managed services, such as outsourced systems administration. The company was formerly known as Verticals onDemand, Inc. and changed its name to Veeva Systems Inc. in April 2009. Veeva Systems Inc. was incorporated in 2007 and is headquartered in Pleasanton, California.;tech
VEL;Velocity Financial, Inc. operates as a real estate finance company in the United States. It originates, securitizes, and manages a portfolio of loans, which are secured by real estate, including investor 1-4 unit residential rental properties; residential apartments combined with office or retail space; and loans for multi-family, mixed use, and commercial properties. The company also provides warehouse and other properties. It offers its products through a network of independent mortgage brokers and direct borrower relationships. The company was founded in 2004 and is headquartered in Westlake Village, California;tech
VET;Vermilion Energy Inc., an oil and gas producer, focuses on the acquisition, exploration, development, and optimization of producing properties in North America, Europe, and Australia. Its properties are located in the West Pembina region of West Central Alberta, southeast Saskatchewan, and Manitoba, Canada; Wyoming in the United States; southwest Bordeaux and Paris Basin in France; the Netherlands; Germany; Ireland; Croatia; Slovakia; Hungary; and Australia. The company was founded in 1994 and is headquartered in Calgary, Canada.;tech
VFC;V.F. Corporation, together with its subsidiaries, offers branded apparel, footwear, and accessories for men, women, and children in the Americas, Europe, and the Asia-Pacific. It operates through three segments: Outdoor, Active, and Work. The company provides outdoor apparel, footwear, equipment, accessories; style-forward and weather-ready footwear, apparel, and accessories; performance merino wool and other natural fibers-based apparel and accessories; performance-based footwear; and high performance apparel and accessories based on natural fibers under the Timberland, The North Face, Smartwool, Icebreaker, and Altra brands. It also offers youth culture/action sports-inspired and streetwear apparel, footwear, and accessories; handbags, luggage, backpacks, totes, and accessories; outdoor-inspired apparel, footwear, and accessories; and backpacks and luggage under the Vans, Kipling, Napapijri, Eastpak, and JanSport brands. In addition, the company provides work and work-inspired lifestyle apparel and footwear; and protective work footwear under the Dickies, and Timberland PRO brands. It sells its products primarily to specialty stores, department stores, national chains, independently-operated partnership stores, and mass merchants, as well as sells through direct-to-consumer operations, including retail stores, concession retail stores, and e-commerce sites, and other digital platforms. V.F. Corporation was founded in 1899 and is headquartered in Denver, Colorado.;tech
VG;Venture Global, Inc. engages in the development, construction, and production of natural gas liquefaction and export projects near the U.S. Gulf Coast in Louisiana. It is involved in natural gas transport, shipping, and regasification, as well as sells LNG. Venture Global, Inc. was founded in 2013 and is based in Arlington, Virginia. Venture Global, Inc. is a subsidiary of Venture Global Partners II, LLC.;tech
VGI;Virtus Global Multi-Sector Income Fund is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Virtus Investment Advisers, Inc. and Newfleet Asset Management, LLC. It invests in fixed income markets across the globe. The fund invests in both investment grade and high yield debt instruments issued by the government, corporate, bank loans, mortgage-backed securities, asset-backed securities, taxable municipal bonds, and tax-exempt municipal bonds. It invests in securities with average duration which varies within three years (plus or minus) of the duration of the Barclays Global Aggregate Bond Index. The fund employs fundamental analysis with a top-down and bottom-up stock picking approach while focusing on factors such as yield and spreads, supply and demand, investment environment, sector fundamentals, assessment of credit risk, company management, issue structure, technical market conditions, and valuations to create its portfolio. It seeks to benchmark the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Global Aggregate Bond Index. The fund was formerly known as Virtus-Newfleet Global Multi-Sector Income Fund. Virtus Global Multi-Sector Income Fund was formed on February 23, 2012 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
VGM;Invesco Trust for Investment Grade Municipals is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Invesco Ltd. The fund is co-managed by Invesco Advisers, Inc., INVESCO Asset Management (Japan) Limited, INVESCO Asset Management Deutschland GmbH, INVESCO Asset Management Limited, Invesco Canada Ltd., Invesco Hong Kong Limited, and INVESCO Senior Secured Management, Inc. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund primarily invests in investment grade municipal securities which include municipal bonds, municipal notes, municipal commercial paper, and lease obligations. It employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up security selection approach to create its portfolio. The fund was formerly known as Invesco Van Kampen Trust for Investment Grade Municipals. Invesco Trust for Investment Grade Municipals was formed on January 24, 1992 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
VHC;VirnetX Holding Corporation, through its subsidiary VirnetX, Inc., operates as an Internet security software and technology company primarily in the United States. The company develops software and technology solutions, including secure domain name registry and GABRIEL Connection Technology that are designed to secure communications over the Internet using zero trust network access. It also offers a portfolio of licenses and services, such as VirnetX One, a security-as-a-service platform that protects enterprise applications, services, and infrastructure from cyber-attacks; GABRIEL Connection Technology software development kit to assist with rapid integration of its techniques into existing software implementations; War Room software that offers safe and secure video conferencing meeting environment where sensitive communications and data is invisible to those not authorized to view it; and VirnetX Matrix that provides security for internet-enabled enterprise applications and their connected devices. It serves domain infrastructure and communication service providers, and system integrators; and enterprise customers, developers, and original equipment manufacturers of chips, servers, desktops, smart phones, tablets, laptops, net books, and other devices in the IP-telephony, mobility, fixed-mobile convergence, and unified communications markets. VirnetX Holding Corporation was incorporated in 2005 and is headquartered in Zephyr Cove, Nevada.;tech
VHI;Valhi, Inc. engages in the chemicals, component products, and real estate management and development businesses in Europe, North America, the Asia Pacific, and internationally. The Chemicals segment produces and markets titanium dioxide pigments (TiO2), which are white inorganic pigments used in various applications by paint, plastics, decorative laminate, and paper manufacturers. It provides TiO2 under the KRONOS name through agents and distributors. The Component Products segment manufactures mechanical and electrical cabinet locks, and other locking mechanisms for use in mailboxes, ignition systems, file cabinets, desk drawers, tool storage cabinets, medical cabinetry security, integrated inventory and access control secured narcotics boxes, electronic circuit panels, storage compartments, gas station security, and vending and cash containment machine applications. It also provides stainless steel exhaust components, gauges, throttle controls, wake enhancement systems, trim tabs, and related hardware and accessories primarily for performance and ski/wakeboard boats. The Real Estate Management and Development segment offers utility services to industrial customers; owns real properties; and develops land holdings for commercial, industrial, and residential purposes. It also holds marketable securities and other investments. The company was incorporated in 1932 and is based in Dallas, Texas. Valhi, Inc. is a subsidiary of Dixie Rice Agricultural L.L.C.;tech
VIA;Via Transportation, Inc. provides a digital public transportation system platform in the United States, Germany, and internationally. It develops and operates TransitTech, a public mobility platform that enables partners to create end-to-end transit networks, planning and scheduling for the integration of multiple transportation modes into a single unified network. It offers solutions in the areas of microtransit/on-demand public transit, paratransit, student transportation, non-emergency medical transport (NEMT), corporate/university shuttles, and health transportation. It serves cities, transit authorities, transit operators, paratransit operators, school districts and departments of education, universities, corporations, healthcare providers and payers, riders, and drivers. The company was incorporated in 2012 and is based in New York, New York.;tech
VICI;VICI Properties Inc. is an S&P 500 experiential real estate investment trust that owns one of the largest portfolios of market-leading gaming, hospitality, wellness, entertainment and leisure destinations, including Caesars Palace Las Vegas, MGM Grand and the Venetian Resort Las Vegas, three of the most iconic entertainment facilities on the Las Vegas Strip. VICI Properties owns 93 experiential assets across a geographically diverse portfolio consisting of 54 gaming properties and 39 other experiential properties across the United States and Canada. The portfolio is comprised of approximately 127 million square feet and features approximately 60,300 hotel rooms and over 500 restaurants, bars, nightclubs and sportsbooks. Its properties are occupied by industry-leading gaming, leisure and hospitality operators under long-term, triple-net lease agreements. VICI Properties has a growing array of real estate and financing partnerships with leading developers and operators in other experiential sectors, including Cabot, Cain International, Canyon Ranch, Chelsea Piers, Great Wolf Resorts, Homefield, Kalahari Resorts and Lucky Strike Entertainment. VICI Properties also owns four championship golf courses and approximately 33 acres of undeveloped and underdeveloped land adjacent to the Las Vegas Strip. VICI Properties' goal is to create the highest quality and most productive experiential real estate portfolio through a strategy of partnering with the highest quality experiential place makers and operators.;tech
VIK;Viking Holdings Ltd engages in the passenger shipping and other forms of passenger transport in North America, the United Kingdom, and internationally. It operates through River and Ocean segments. The company also operates as a tour entrepreneur for passengers and related activities in tourism. As of December 31, 2023, it operated a fleet of 96 ships, including 83 river vessels comprising 58 Longships, 10 smaller classes based on the Longship design, 13 other river vessels, and 2 river vessel charter, the Viking Saigon and the Viking Mississippi; 11 ocean ships; and 2 expedition ships. The company was founded in 1997 and is based in Pembroke, Bermuda.;tech
VIPS;Vipshop Holdings Limited operates online platforms in the People's Republic of China. It operates in Vip.com, Shan Shan Outlets, and Others segments. The company provides womenswear, menswear, sportswear and sporting goods, shoes and bags, accessories, baby and children products, skincare and cosmetics, home goods and other lifestyle products, and supermarket products. It also provides internet finance services, including consumer and supplier financing. In addition, the company engages in warehousing, retail business, product procurement, and software development and information technology support activities. It provides branded products through its vip.com and vipshop.com online platforms, as well as through retail stores. Vipshop Holdings Limited was founded in 2008 and is headquartered in Guangzhou, the People's Republic of China.;tech
VIRT;Virtu Financial, Inc. operates as a financial services company in the United States, Ireland, and internationally. It operates through two segments: Market Making and Execution Services. The company's product includes offerings in execution, liquidity sourcing, analytics and broker-neutral, capital markets, and multi-dealer platforms in workflow technology. Its product allows its clients to trade on various venues across 50 countries and in various asset classes, including global equities, ETFs, options, foreign exchange, futures, fixed income, cryptocurrencies, and myriad other commodities. The company's multi-asset analytics platform provides a range of pre- and post-trade services, data products, and compliance tools for clients to invest, trade, and manage risk across global markets. Virtu Financial, Inc. was founded in 2008 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
VIV;Telefônica Brasil S.A., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a mobile telecommunications company in Brazil. Its fixed line voice services portfolio includes local, domestic long-distance, and international long-distance calls; and mobile portfolio comprises voice and broadband internet access through 3G, 4G, 4.5G, and 5G, as well as value-added, prepaid plans with data sharing features, family plans, voice mail, caller identification, voice minutes in unlimited bundles to mobile and fixed-line phones, and digital services and wireless roaming services. The company also offers data services, including broadband and mobile data services. In addition, it provides pay TV services through IPTV technologies; network services, such as rental of facilities; other services; wholesale services, including interconnection services to users of other network providers; and digital services, such as entertainment, cloud, and security and financial services. Further, the company offers multimedia communication services, which include audio, data, voice and other sounds, images, texts, and other information, as well as sells devices and accessories, such as smartphones, broadband USB modems, and other devices. Additionally, it provides telecommunications solutions and IT support to various industries, such as retail, distribution and digital channel, manufacturing, services, financial institutions, government, etc. It markets and sells its solutions through own stores, dealers, retail and distribution channels, door-to-door sales, and outbound tele sales. The company was formerly known as Telecomunicações de São Paulo S.A. - TELESP and changed its name to Telefônica Brasil S.A. in October 2011. Telefônica Brasil S.A. was incorporated in 1998 and is headquartered in São Paulo, Brazil.;tech
VKQ;Invesco Municipal Trust is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Invesco Ltd. The fund is co-managed by Invesco Advisers, Inc., INVESCO Asset Management (Japan) Limited, INVESCO Asset Management Deutschland GmbH, INVESCO Asset Management Limited, Invesco Hong Kong Limited, INVESCO Senior Secured Management, Inc., and Invesco Canada Ltd. It primarily invests in investment grade municipal securities which include municipal bonds, municipal notes, municipal commercial paper, and lease obligations. The fund employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up security selection approach to create its portfolio. It was formerly known as Invesco Van Kampen Municipal Trust. Invesco Municipal Trust was formed on September 27, 1991 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
VLN;Valens Semiconductor Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, provides semiconductor products for the audio-video and automotive industries in Israel, China, Hong Kong, Portugal, the United States, Japan, Germany, Hungary, and internationally. It operates through Cross Industry Business (CIB) and Automotive segments. The company offers HDBaseT technology, which enables the simultaneous delivery of ultra-high-definition digital video and audio, Ethernet, USB, control signals, and power through a single long-reach cable. It also provides audio-video solutions for the enterprise, education, industrial, digital signage, and medical markets. In addition, it offers automotive chipsets that support advanced driver-assistance systems, automotive data solutions, infotainment, telematics, and backbone connectivity. The company's product series include VS100, VS2000, VS3000, VS6000, VS7000, Valens USB and power extender, Valens VS6320, VA6000, and VA7000. Valens Semiconductor Ltd. was founded in 2006 and is headquartered in Hod Hasharon, Israel.;tech
VLO;Valero Energy Corporation manufactures, markets, and sells petroleum-based and low-carbon liquid transportation fuels and petrochemical products in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Ireland, Latin America, Mexico, Peru, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Refining, Renewable Diesel, and Ethanol. The company produces California Reformulated Gasoline Blendstock for Oxygenate Blending (CARBOB) and Conventional Blendstock for Oxygenate Blending (CBOB) gasolines, CARB diesel, diesel, jet fuel, heating oil, and asphalt; feedstocks; aromatics; sulfur and residual fuel oil; intermediate oils; and sulfur, sweet, and sour crude oils. It sells its refined products through wholesale rack and bulk markets; and through outlets under the Valero, Beacon, Diamond Shamrock, Shamrock, Ultramar, and Texaco brand names. The company owns and operates renewable diesel and ethanol plants, as well as produces renewable diesel and naphtha under the Diamond Green Diesel brand name. In addition, it offers ethanol and various co-products, including dry distiller grains, syrup, and inedible distillers corn oil to animal feed customers. The company was formerly known as Valero Refining and Marketing Company and changed its name to Valero Energy Corporation in August 1997. Valero Energy Corporation was founded in 1980 and is headquartered in San Antonio, Texas.;tech
VLRS;Controladora Vuela Compañía de Aviación, S.A.B. de C.V., through its subsidiary, Concesionaria Vuela Compañía de Aviación, S.A.P.I. de C.V., provides air transportation services for passengers, cargo, and mail in Mexico and internationally. The company operates approximately 550 daily flights on routes connecting 44 cities in Mexico, 23 cities in the United States, 4 cities in Central America, and 2 cities in South America. It also offers merchandising, travel agency, share administration trust, pre-delivery payments financing, aircraft administration trust, and loyalty program, as well as specialized and aeronautical technical services. As of December 31, 2024, the company leases 141 aircrafts and 18 spare engines. Controladora Vuela Compañía de Aviación, S.A.B. de C.V. was incorporated in 2005 and is headquartered in Mexico City, Mexico.;tech
VLT;Invesco High Income Trust II is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Invesco Ltd. The fund is co-managed by Invesco Advisers, Inc, INVESCO Asset Management (Japan) Limited, INVESCO Asset Management Deutschland GmbH, INVESCO Asset Management Limited, Invesco Hong Kong Limited, INVESCO Senior Secured Management, Inc., and Invesco Canada Ltd. It invests in the fixed income markets. The fund seeks to invest in securities rated between BB and C by Standard and Poor's. It seeks to maintain an average duration of around three to four years for its portfolio. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays U.S. Corporate High Yield 2% Issuer Cap Inde. It was formerly known as Invesco Van Kampen High Income Trust II. Invesco High Income Trust II was formed on April 28, 1989 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
VLTO;Veralto Corporation provides water analytics, water treatment, marking and coding, and packaging and color solutions worldwide. It operates through two segments, Water Quality (WQ) and Product Quality & Innovation (PQI). The WQ segment offers precision instrumentation and water treatment technologies to measure, analyze, and treat water in residential, commercial, municipal, industrial, research, and natural resource applications under the Hach, Trojan Technologies, ChemTreat, and other brands. This segment also provides water solutions, including chemical reagents, services, and digital solutions. The PQI segment offers marking and coding for packaged goods and related consumables; a software solution that provides digital asset management, marketing resource management, and product information management; inline printing solutions for products and packaging with marking and coding systems; design software and imaging systems for the creation of new packaging designs; color management solutions for printed packages and consumer and industrial products; and color standard services for the design industry. This segment sells its products and services through the Videojet, Linx, Esko, X-Rite, and Pantone brands. The company serves industries, such as municipal utilities, food and beverage, pharmaceutical, and industrials. The company was formerly known as DH EAS Holding Corp. and changed its name to Veralto Corporation in February 2023. Veralto Corporation was incorporated in 2022 and is headquartered in Waltham, Massachusetts.;tech
VMC;Vulcan Materials Company produces and supplies construction aggregates in the United States. It operates through three segments: Aggregates, Asphalt, and Concrete. The company provides crushed stone, sand and gravel, sand, riprap and jetty stones, and other aggregates for use in construction and maintenance of highways, streets, and other public works, as well as in the construction of housing and commercial, industrial, and other nonresidential facilities; asphalt mix; asphalt construction paving services; and ready-mixed concrete products. The company was formerly known as Virginia Holdco, Inc. and changed its name to Vulcan Materials Company. Vulcan Materials Company was founded in 1909 and is headquartered in Birmingham, Alabama.;tech
VMI;Valmont Industries, Inc. operates as a manufacturer of products and services for infrastructure and agriculture markets in the United States, Australia, Brazil, and internationally. It operates in two segments, Infrastructure and Agriculture. The company manufactures and distributes steel, pre-stressed concrete, composite structures for electrical transmission, substation, and distribution applications; and designs, engineers, and manufactures metal, steel, wood, aluminum, and composite poles and structures for lighting and transportation applications. It also offers galvanizing, anodizing, painting, and powder coating services for paint products; towers, small cell structures, camouflage concealment solutions, passive intermodulation mitigation equipment, and components for wireless communication markets; and solar single-axis tracker product, an integrated system of steel structures, electric motors, and electronic controllers, as well as provides coatings services to preserve metal products. In addition, the company manufactures center pivot components and linear irrigation equipment for the agricultural markets, such as parts and tubular products for industrial customers; advanced technology solutions for agricultural sector; mechanical irrigation equipment and service parts under the Valley brand name. Valmont Industries, Inc. was founded in 1946 and is headquartered in Omaha, Nebraska.;tech
VMO;Invesco Municipal Opportunity Trust is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Invesco Ltd. The fund is co-managed by Invesco Advisers, Inc., INVESCO Asset Management (Japan) Limited, INVESCO Asset Management Deutschland GmbH, INVESCO Asset Management Limited, Invesco Canada Ltd., Invesco Hong Kong Limited, and INVESCO Senior Secured Management, Inc. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund primarily invests in investment grade municipal securities which include municipal bonds, municipal notes, municipal commercial paper, and lease obligations. It employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up security selection approach to create its portfolio. The fund was formerly known as Invesco Van Kampen Municipal Opportunity Trust. Invesco Municipal Opportunity Trust was formed on April 24, 1992 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
VNCE;Vince Holding Corp. provides luxury apparel and accessories in the United States and internationally. It operates through Vince Wholesale and Vince Direct-to-Consumer segments. The company offers a range of men's and women's products, such as cashmere sweaters, silk blouses, leather and suede products, and jackets, dresses, skirts, pants, t-shirts, footwear, outerwear, and accessories, as well as woven shirts, core and fashion pants, and blazers under the Vince brand. It sells its products directly to consumers through its branded specialty retail stores and outlet stores, as well as through its vince.com e-commerce platform and subscription service through Vince Unfold, vinceunfold.com; and to department and specialty stores. The company was formerly known as Apparel Holding Corp. and changed its name to Vince Holding Corp. in November 2013. The company was founded in 2002 and is headquartered in New York, New York. Vince Holding Corp. operates as a subsidiary of P180.;tech
VNT;Vontier Corporation provides mobility ecosystem solutions worldwide. The company operates through three segments: Mobility Technologies, Repair Solutions, and Environmental and Fueling Solutions. The Mobility Technologies segment provides digitally enabled equipment and operating software solutions for mobility ecosystem, such as convenience retail operating platform, point-of-sale and payment solutions, remote diagnostics and site-management tools, workflow automation solutions, data analytics, operating software platform for electric vehicle charging networks, integrated solutions for alternative fuel dispensing, and IoT-based fleet telematics. The Repair Solutions segment manufactures and distributes aftermarket vehicle repair tools, toolboxes, automotive diagnostic equipment and software through mobile franchise network. The Environmental and Fueling Solutions segment offers environmental monitoring and leak detection systems, forecourt controllers, vapor recovery equipment, and fuel dispenser systems for petroleum under the Gilbarco and Veeder-Root brands. The company markets its products and services to retail and commercial fueling, convenience store, and car wash operators; commercial vehicle repair businesses, fleet owners/operators and electric vehicle charging network operators, as well as direct sales personnel and independent distributors. It serves customers in North America, the Asia Pacific, Europe, and Latin America. Vontier Corporation was incorporated in 2019 and is headquartered in Raleigh, North Carolina.;tech
VOYA;Voya Financial, Inc. provides workplace benefits, and savings solutions and technologies in the United States and internationally. The company operates through three segments: Wealth Solutions, Health Solutions, and Investment Management. The Wealth Solutions segment offers full-service retirement products; recordkeeping services; stable value and fixed general account investment products; non-qualified plan administration services; and tools, guidance, and services to promote the financial well-being and retirement security of employees. This segment also provides wealth management services, such as individual retirement, managed, and brokerage accounts, as well as financial guidance and advisory services. This segment serves corporate, public and private school systems, higher education institutions, hospitals and healthcare facilities, other non-profit organizations, and state and local governments, as well as institutional clients and individual customers. The Health Solutions segment offers various insurance products comprising stop loss, group life, group disability, whole and term life, critical illness, accident, and hospital indemnity insurance. This segment also provides worksite employee benefits, health account solutions, leave management, benefits administration, health plan enrollment, financial wellness, and decision support products and services to mid-size and large corporate employers and professional associations. The Investment Management segment provides fixed income, equity, multi-asset, and alternative products and solutions to individual investors, financial intermediaries, and institutional clients through its direct sales force, consultant channel, intermediary partners, banks, broker-dealers, and independent financial advisers. The company was formerly known as ING U.S., Inc. and changed its name to Voya Financial, Inc. in April 2014. Voya Financial, Inc. was founded in 1975 and is based in New York, New York.;tech
VOYG;Voyager Technologies, Inc. operates as a defense technology and space solutions company in the United States, Europe, the Middle East, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Defense & National Security, Space Solutions, and Starlab Space Stations. The Defense & National Security segment provides defense systems, such as missile defense interceptors, kill vehicles, and hypersonic missiles and reentry systems; signal intelligence systems, including software solutions that deliver critical intelligence to the modern warfighter; communication technologies comprising radiation-hardened laser and RF communications systems and advanced electro-optical and digital systems; and guidance, navigation, and control systems consisting of sun sensors, star trackers, and inertial measurement units, as well as artificial intelligence powered edge computing products. The Space Solutions segment offers advanced space technology systems, such as in-space propulsion systems with applications for orbital servicing, manufacturing, and deep space exploration; space infrastructure, including software solutions that deliver critical intelligence to the modern warfighter; and space science and mission management products. The Starlab Space Stations segment operates a commercial space station and provides continued permanent human presence in space. It serves defense, national security, and space industries. The company was formerly known as Voyager Space Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to Voyager Technologies, Inc. in February 2025. Voyager Technologies, Inc. was incorporated in 2019 and is headquartered in Denver, Colorado.;tech
VPG;Vishay Precision Group, Inc. engages in the precision measurement and sensing technologies business in the United States, Europe, Israel, Asia, and Canada. It operates through three segments: Sensors, Weighing Solutions, and Measurement Systems. Its product portfolio includes precision resistors, strain gages, load cells and force measurement transducers, on-board weighing systems, and control process weighing products; rolling force measuring load cell systems and pressure transmitters; web tension measurement load cells and systems; optical strip width gages; and laser velocimeters for speed and length measurements and closed-loop crop optimization control systems for optimal strip cuts. The company also offers data acquisition systems and sensors for product safety testing; thermal-mechanical simulation systems for metallurgical research; and conditioning, data acquisition, and control systems, as well as electronic displays, signal processors, microelectromechanical system sensors, cabling, system software, and communications software/hardware. Its products are used in waste management, bulk hauling, logging, scales manufacturing, engineering systems, pharmaceutical, oil, chemical, steel, paper, and food industries, as well as test and measurement, steel, medical, construction, agricultural, and consumer markets. The company offers its products under the Alpha Electronics, Powertron, Vishay Foil Resistors, Micro-Measurements, APR, Celtron, Revere, Sensortronics, Tedea-Huntleigh, Stress-tek, Vulcan, BLH Nobel, KELK, and DTS brands. Vishay Precision Group, Inc. was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in Malvern, Pennsylvania.;tech
VPV;Invesco Pennsylvania Value Municipal Income Trust is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Invesco Ltd. The fund is co-managed by Invesco Advisers, Inc., INVESCO Asset Management (Japan) Limited, INVESCO Asset Management Deutschland GmbH, INVESCO Asset Management Limited, Invesco Canada Ltd., Invesco Hong Kong Limited, and INVESCO Senior Secured Management, Inc. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund primarily invests in investment grade Pennsylvania municipal securities which include municipal bonds, municipal notes, municipal commercial paper, and lease obligations. It employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up security selection approach to create its portfolio. The fund was formerly known as Invesco Van Kampen Pennsylvania Value Municipal Income Trust. Invesco Pennsylvania Value Municipal Income Trust was formed on April 30, 1993 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
VRE;Veris Residential, Inc. is a forward-thinking real estate investment trust (REIT) that primarily owns, operates, acquires and develops premier Class A multifamily properties in the Northeast. Our technology-enabled, vertically integrated operating platform delivers a contemporary living experience aligned with residents' preferences while positively impacting the communities we serve. We are guided by an experienced management team and Board of Directors, underpinned by leading corporate governance principles; a best-in-class approach to operations; and an inclusive culture based on meritocratic empowerment.;tech
VRT;Vertiv Holdings Co designs, manufactures, and services critical digital infrastructure technologies and life cycle services for data centers, communication networks, and commercial and industrial environments in the Americas, the Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. The company offers AC and DC power management products, switchgear and busbar products, thermal management products, integrated rack systems, modular solutions, and management systems for monitoring and controlling digital infrastructure that are integral to the technologies used for various services, including e-commerce, online banking, file sharing, video on-demand, energy storage, wireless communications, Internet of Things, and online gaming. It also provides lifecycle management services, predictive analytics, and professional services for deploying, maintaining, and optimizing its products and their related systems; and preventative maintenance, acceptance testing, engineering and consulting, performance assessments, remote monitoring, training, spare parts, and critical digital infrastructure software services. The company offers its products primarily under the Vertiv, Liebert, NetSure, Geist, Energy Labs, ERS, Albér, and Avocent brands. It serves cloud services, financial services, healthcare, transportation, manufacturing, energy, education, government, social media, and retail industries through a network of direct sales professionals, independent sales representatives, channel partners, and original equipment manufacturers. The company is headquartered in Westerville, Ohio.;tech
VRTS;Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. is a publicly owned investment manager. The firm primarily provides its services to individual and institutional clients. It launches separate client focused equity and fixed income portfolios. The firm launches equity, fixed income, and balanced mutual funds for its clients. It invests in the public equity, fixed income, and real estate markets. The firm also invests in exchange traded funds. It employs a multi manager approach for its products. The firm employs quantitative analysis to make its investments. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolios against the S&P 500 Index. The firm conducts in-house research to make its investments. Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. was founded in 1995 and is based in Hartford, Connecticut.;tech
VSCO;Victoria's Secret & Co. operates as a specialty retailer of women's intimate, and other apparel and beauty products worldwide. It offers bras, panties, lingerie, casual sleepwear, apparel, sport, and swim products, as well as prestige fragrances and body care products; and loungewear, activewear, and accessories and beauty products under the Victoria's Secret, PINK, and Adore Me brands. The company provides its products through its retail stores; websites, such as VictoriasSecret.com, PINK.com, AdoreMe.com, and DailyLook.com; and other digital channels. The company also operates stores under the franchise, license, and wholesale arrangements. Victoria's Secret & Co. was incorporated in 2021 and is based in Reynoldsburg, Ohio.;tech
VSH;Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. manufactures and sells discrete semiconductors and passive electronic components in the United States, Germany, rest of Europe, Israel, and Asia. The company operates through six segments: Metal Oxide Semiconductor Field Effect Transistors (MOSFETs), Diodes, Optoelectronic Components, Resistors, Inductors, and Capacitors segments. The MOSFETs segment offers low- and medium-voltage TrenchFET MOSFETs, high-voltage planar MOSFETs, high voltage Super Junction MOSFETs, power integrated circuits, and integrated function power devices. The Diodes segment provides rectifiers, small signal diodes, protection diodes, thyristors/silicon-controlled rectifiers, and power modules. The Optoelectronic Components segment offers standard and customer specific optoelectronic components, such as infrared (IR) emitters and detectors, IR remote control receivers, optocouplers, solid-state relays, optical sensors, light-emitting diodes, 7-segment displays, and IR data transceiver modules. The Resistors segment provides resistors used in various forms of electronic circuitry to adjust and regulate levels of voltage and current. The Inductors segment provides inductors for use as an internal magnetic field to change alternating current phase and resist alternating current. The Capacitors segment offers capacitors that store energy and discharge. It sells its products under the Siliconix, Dale, Draloric, Beyschlag, Sfernice, MCB, UltraSource, Applied Thin-Film Products, IHLP, HiRel Systems, Sprague, Vitramon, Barry, Roederstein, ESTA, Ametherm, and BCcomponents brand names. The company serves industrial, automotive, telecommunications, computing, consumer products, power supplies, military and aerospace, and medical end markets. Vishay Intertechnology, Inc. was incorporated in 1962 and is headquartered in Malvern, Pennsylvania.;tech
VST;Vistra Corp., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an integrated retail electricity and power generation company in the United States. It operates through five segments: Retail, Texas, East, West, and Asset Closure. The company retails electricity and natural gas to residential, commercial, and industrial customers across states in the United States and the District of Columbia. It also involved in the electricity generation, wholesale energy purchases and sales, commodity risk management, fuel production, and fuel logistics management activities. It serves approximately 5 million customers with a generation capacity of approximately 41,000 megawatts with a portfolio of natural gas, nuclear, coal, solar, and battery energy storage facilities. The company was formerly known as Vistra Energy Corp. and changed its name to Vistra Corp. in July 2020. Vistra Corp. was founded in 1882 and is based in Irving, Texas.;tech
VSTS;Vestis Corporation provides uniform rentals and workplace supplies in the United States and Canada. Its products include uniform options, such as shirts, pants, outerwear, gowns, scrubs, high visibility garments, particulate-free garments, and flame-resistant garments, as well as shoes and accessories; and workplace supplies, including managed restroom supply services, first-aid supplies and safety products, floor mats, towels, and linens. The company serves manufacturing, hospitality, retail, food processing, food service, pharmaceuticals, healthcare, automotive, and cleanroom industries. Vestis Corporation was founded in 1936 and is headquartered in Roswell, Georgia.;tech
VTEX;VTEX, together with its subsidiaries, provides software-as-a-service digital commerce platform for enterprise brands and retailers. The company offers VTEX platform that enables customers to execute commerce strategy, including building online stores, and integrating and managing orders across channels, as well as creating marketplaces to sell products from third-party vendors. It also provides customer support services; and optional services, such as project management, solutions architecting, and implementation consulting services. The company serves its products to home appliances, apparel and accessories, beauty and health, electronics, grocery, department stores, and toys and hobbies, as well as home, furniture, and decoration markets. It has operations in Brazil, Argentina, Chile, Colombia, France, Italy, Mexico, Peru, Portugal, Romania, Singapore, Spain, the United Kingdom, the United States, and internationally. The company was founded in 2000 and is headquartered in Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands.;tech
VTLE;Vital Energy, Inc., an independent energy company, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the acquisition, exploration, and development of oil and natural gas properties in the Permian Basin of West Texas, United States. The company was formerly known as Laredo Petroleum, Inc. and changed its name to Vital Energy, Inc. in January 2023. The company was founded in 2006 and is headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma.;tech
VTN;Invesco Trust for Investment Grade New York Municipals is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Invesco Ltd. The fund is co-managed by Invesco Advisers, Inc., INVESCO Asset Management (Japan) Limited, INVESCO Asset Management Deutschland GmbH, INVESCO Asset Management Limited, Invesco Canada Ltd., Invesco Hong Kong Limited, and INVESCO Senior Secured Management, Inc. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund primarily invests in investment grade New York municipal securities which include municipal bonds, municipal notes, municipal commercial paper, and lease obligations. It employs fundamental analysis with bottom-up security selection approach to create its portfolio. The fund was formerly known as Invesco Van Kampen Trust for Investment Grade New York Municipals. Invesco Trust for Investment Grade New York Municipals was formed on March 27, 1992 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
VTOL;Bristow Group Inc. provides vertical flight solutions to integrated, national, and independent offshore energy companies and government agencies. It provides aviation services, such as personnel transportation, search and rescue, medevac, ad fixed wing transportation, unmanned systems, and ad-hoc helicopter services, as well as logistical and maintenance support, training services, and flight and maintenance crews. The company operates fleet of aircrafts. It operates in the United Kingdom, Norway, the United States, Nigeria, and internationally. Bristow Group Inc. is based in Houston, Texas.;tech
VTR;Ventas, Inc. (NYSE: VTR) is a leading S&P 500 real estate investment trust enabling exceptional environments that benefit a large and growing aging population. With approximately 1,400 properties in North America and the United Kingdom, Ventas occupies an essential role in the longevity economy. The Company's growth is fueled by its more than 850 senior housing communities, which provide valuable services to residents and enable them to thrive in supported environments. Ventas aims to deliver outsized performance by leveraging its operational expertise, data-driven insights from its Ventas OI platform, extensive relationships and strong financial position. The Ventas portfolio also includes outpatient medical buildings, research centers and healthcare facilities. Ventas's seasoned team of talented professionals shares a commitment to excellence, integrity and a common purpose of helping people live longer, healthier, happier lives.;tech
VTS;Vitesse Energy, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the acquisition, development, and production of non-operated oil and natural gas properties in the United States. The company acquires and owns non-operated working interest and royalty interest ownership in the Williston Basin properties covering 47,840 net acres located in North Dakota and Montana. It also owns non-operated interests in the Central Rockies properties located in Colorado and Wyoming. The company was founded in 2014 and is based in Greenwood Village, Colorado.;tech
VVR;Invesco Senior Income Trust is a closed ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Invesco Ltd. It is co-managed by Invesco Advisers, Inc., Invesco Asset Management Deutschland GmbH, Invesco Asset Management Limited, Invesco Asset Management (Japan) Limited, Invesco Australia Limited, Invesco Hong Kong Limited, Invesco Senior Secured Management, Inc., and Invesco Canada Ltd. The fund invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. It primarily invests in a portfolio of interests in floating or variable rate senior loans to corporations, partnerships, and other entities which operate in a variety of industries and geographical regions. The fund typically employs fundamental analysis with a bottom up stock picking approach to create its portfolio. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Credit Suisse Leveraged Loan Index. The fund was formerly known as Invesco Van Kampen Senior Income Trust and Van Kampen Senior Income Trust. Invesco Senior Income Trust was formed on June 23, 1998 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
VVV;Valvoline Inc. engages in the operation and franchising of vehicle service centers and retail stores in the United States and Canada. The company, through its service centers, provides fluid exchange for motor oil, transmission and differential fluid, and coolant; parts replacement for batteries, filters, wiper blades, and belts; and safety services, such as tire inflation and rotation, bulbs, and safety checks. It offers its services for passenger cars, hybrid and battery electric vehicles, and light and medium duty vehicles. The company was founded in 1866 and is headquartered in Lexington, Kentucky.;tech
VVX;V2X, Inc. provides critical mission solutions and support services to defense customers worldwide. It offers a suite of integrated solutions across the operations and logistics, aerospace, training, and technology markets to national security, defense, civilian, and international clients. The company was incorporated in 2014 and is headquartered in Reston, Virginia. V2X, Inc. is a subsidiary of Vertex Aerospace Holdco LLC.;tech
VYX;NCR Voyix Corporation provides digital commerce solutions for retail stores and restaurants in the United States, the Americas, the Asia Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, and Africa. The company operates through Retail and Restaurants segments. It offers API-point of sale retail software platforms and applications, hardware terminals, self-service kiosks, including self-checkout, payment processing and merchant acquiring solutions, and bar-code scanners for enterprise and mid-market retailers in the convenience fuel retail and department specialty retail industries, as well as grocery stores, drug stores, and big box retailers. The company also provides POS hardware and software solutions; payment processing; and installation and maintenance services, as well as managed and professional services for restaurants and food service establishment, including quick service, table service and fast casual restaurants. In addition, it offers API platform; Edge, a software infrastructure for in-store applications; front-of-store solutions; and back-office solutions, including payment, data and analytics, inventory, and scheduling and labor management solutions. Further, the company provides online ordering; white-labeled websites and mobile applications; consumer marketing; and add on solutions comprising of Aloha self-service kiosk solutions, Aloha Pay-at-Table, partner ecosystem that allows restaurants and retailers to connect their proprietary systems and third-party services to the platform. It also provides professional, field break-fix, restaurant managed, installation services, and connected service desk; and fixed and mobile point-of-sale and consumer display terminals, self-checkout hardware, kiosks, kitchen display systems, printers, and ordering kiosks. The company was formerly known as NCR Corporation and changed its name to NCR Voyix Corporation in October 2023. The company was incorporated in 1884 and is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia.;tech
VZ;Verizon Communications Inc., through its subsidiaries, engages in the provision of communications, technology, information, and entertainment products and services to consumers, businesses, and governmental entities worldwide. It operates in two segments, Verizon Consumer Group (Consumer) and Verizon Business Group (Business). The Consumer segment provides wireless services across the wireless networks in the United States under the Verizon and TracFone brands and through wholesale and other arrangements; and fixed wireless access (FWA) broadband through its wireless networks, as well as related equipment and devices, such as smartphones, tablets, smart watches, and other wireless-enabled connected devices. The segment also offers wireline services in the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern United States, as well as Washington D.C. through its fiber-optic network, Verizon Fios product portfolio, and a copper-based network. The Business segment provides wireless and wireline communications services and products, including FWA broadband, data, video and conferencing, corporate networking, security and managed network, local and long-distance voice, and network access services to deliver various IoT services and products to businesses, government customers, and wireless and wireline carriers in the United States and internationally. The company was formerly known as Bell Atlantic Corporation and changed its name to Verizon Communications Inc. in June 2000. Verizon Communications Inc. was incorporated in 1983 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
W;Wayfair Inc. engages in the e-commerce business in the United States and internationally. It offers online selections of furniture, décor, housewares, and home improvement products through its sites comprising Wayfair, Joss & Main, AllModern, Birch Lane, Perigold, and Wayfair Professional. The company offers its products under the Three Posts and Mercury Row brands. Wayfair Inc. was founded in 2002 and is headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts.;tech
WAB;Westinghouse Air Brake Technologies Corporation provides technology-based locomotives, equipment, systems, and services for the freight rail and passenger transit industries worldwide. It offers diesel-electric and liquid natural gas-powered locomotives; engines, electric motors, and propulsion systems; and marine and mining products. The company also offers positive train control equipment; electronically controlled pneumatic braking products; railway electronics; signal design and engineering services; distributed locomotive power, train cruise controls, and train remote controls; industrial/mobile Internet of Things hardware and software, edge-to-cloud, on and off-board analytics and rules, and asset performance management solutions; rail and shipper transportation management, and port visibility and optimization solutions; and network optimization solutions. It provides freight car trucks, braking equipment, and related components; air compressors and dryers, as well as heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) systems; heat transfer components and systems; custom engineered burners and combustion systems; rail gear, signaling, and switch products; and turbochargers. The company also offers various services, such as freight locomotive overhauls, modernizations, and refurbishment; locomotive and car maintenance; transit locomotive and car overhaul; unit exchange of locomotive components; long term parts arrangements; and maintenance of way equipment and services. It provides railway and freight braking equipment and related components; brake shoes, discs, and pads; HVAC equipment; access and platform screen doors; pantographs; auxiliary power converters and battery chargers; passenger information systems and closed-circuit television; signaling and railway electric relays; and doors, window assemblies, accessibility lifts, ramps, and electric charging solutions for buses. The company was founded in 1869 and is headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.;tech
WAL;Western Alliance Bancorporation operates as the bank holding company for Western Alliance Bank that provides various banking products and related services primarily in Arizona, California, and Nevada. It operates through Commercial and Consumer Related segments. The company offers deposit products, including checking, savings, and money market accounts, as well as fixed-rate and fixed maturity certificates of deposit accounts; demand deposits; and treasury management and residential mortgage products and services. It also provides commercial and industrial loan products, such as working capital lines of credit, loans to technology companies, inventory and accounts receivable lines, mortgage warehouse lines, equipment loans and leases, and other commercial loans; commercial real estate loans, which are secured by multi-family residential properties, professional offices, industrial facilities, retail centers, hotels, and other commercial properties; construction and land development loans for single family and multi-family residential projects, industrial/warehouse properties, office buildings, retail centers, medical office facilities, and residential lot developments; and consumer loans. In addition, the company offers other financial services, such as internet banking, wire transfers, electronic bill payment and presentment, funds transfer and other digital payment offerings, lock box services, courier, and cash management services. Further, the company holds certain investment securities, municipal and non-profit loans, and leases; invests primarily in low-income housing tax credits and small business investment corporations; and certain real estate loans and related securities. Western Alliance Bancorporation was founded in 1994 and is headquartered in Phoenix, Arizona.;tech
WAT;Waters Corporation provides analytical workflow solutions in Asia, the Americas, and Europe. It operates through two segments: Waters and TA. The company designs, manufactures, sells, and services high and ultra-performance liquid chromatography, as well as mass spectrometry (MS) technology systems and support products, including chromatography columns, other consumable products, and post-warranty service plans. It designs, manufactures, sells, and services thermal analysis, rheometry, and calorimetry instruments; and develops and supplies software-based products that interface with its instruments, as well as other manufacturers' instruments. In addition, the company offers MS technology are used in drug discovery and development comprising clinical trial testing, the analysis of proteins in disease processes, nutritional safety analysis, and environmental testing. Further, the company provides thermal analysis, rheometry, and calorimetry instruments for use in predicting the suitability and stability of fine chemicals, pharmaceuticals, water, polymers, metals, and viscous liquids for various industrial, consumer good, and healthcare products, as well as for life science research. Its products are used by clinical, pharmaceutical, biochemical, industrial, nutritional safety, environmental, academic, and governmental customers working in research and development, quality assurance, and other laboratory applications. The company was founded in 1958 and is headquartered in Milford, Massachusetts.;tech
WBS;Webster Financial Corporation operates as the bank holding company for Webster Bank, National Association that provides various financial products and services to businesses, individuals, and families in the United States. It operates through three segments: Commercial Banking, Healthcare Financial Services, and Consumer Banking. It offers checking, savings, and money market accounts; individual retirement account retirement savings; certificates of deposit; mortgages; home equity loans and lines of credit; business and commercial lines of credit; overdrafts; and term, commercial, student, SBA, and personal loans. The company also provides commercial real estate financing, equipment and lender finance, asset-based and community lending, and public finance solutions; financial planning, life and long-term insurance, personal retirement, and portfolio management solutions; employee retirement plans; credit cards; payroll services; automated clearing house payables and wires; bill pay, remote deposit capture, merchant, and lockbox services; treasury management and investment services; private banking services; capital markets and finance solutions; employee benefits solutions, including administrators of HSAs, emergency savings accounts, and flexible spending accounts administration services; wealth management services; and online and mobile banking services. Webster Financial Corporation was founded in 1870 and is headquartered in Stamford, Connecticut.;tech
WBX;Wallbox N.V., a technology company, designs, manufactures, and distributes charging solutions for residential, business, and public applications in Europe, the Middle East, Asia, North America, and the Asia Pacific. It offers EV charging hardware products, such as Pulsar Plus, Pulsar Plus Socket, Pulsar Max, Pulsar Max Socket, Pulsar Pro, and Pulsar Pro Socket, an AC smart chargers for individual homes and shared spaces; Quasar 2, a DC bi-directional charger for home-use that allows to charge and discharge electric vehicle; Supernova, a DC fast charger equipment designed for public use; and Hypernova that allows to optimize available power and adapt to the number of EVs connected for public charging along highways and transcontinental road networks, as well as Wallbox ABL eM4 Single and Twin chargers and eMC3 charging pole. The company also provides EV charging software solutions, including the myWallbox platform, a cloud based software that offers smart management of its chargers in residential and business parking settings; Electromaps, a hardware-agnostic e-mobility service provider and charger management software that enables users to find publicly available charging ports; EVectrum, a hardware-agnostic platform for managing chargers; and Sirius, an energy management solution that is designed to seamlessly integrates the electric grid with solar, on-site batteries, and other renewable energy sources. In addition, it offers upgrades and accessories, which includes energy meters, EV charging cables, pedestals, and RFID cards; and installation and charging network management services. Wallbox N.V. was incorporated in 2015 and is headquartered in Barcelona, Spain.;tech
WCC;WESCO International, Inc. provides business-to-business distribution, logistics services, and supply chain solutions in the United States, Canada, and internationally. It operates through three segments: Electrical & Electronic Solutions (EES), Communications & Security Solutions (CSS), and Utility and Broadband Solutions (UBS). The EES segment supplies products and supply chain solutions, including electrical equipment and supplies, automation and connected devices, security, lighting, wire and cable, and safety, as well as maintenance, repair, and operating (MRO) products. This segment also offers contractor solutions, direct and indirect manufacturing supply chain optimization programs, lighting and renewables advisory services, and digital and automation solutions. The CSS segment operates in the network infrastructure and security markets. This segment sells products directly to end-users or through various channels, including data communications contractors, security, network, professional audio/visual, and systems integrators. It also provides safety and energy management solutions. The UBS segment offers products and services to investor-owned utilities; public power companies; and service and wireless providers, broadband operators, and contractors. This segment's products include wire and cables, transformers, transmission and distribution hardware, switches, protective devices, connectors, conduits, pole line hardware, racks, cabinets, safety and MRO products, and point-to-point wireless devices. This segment also provides various service solutions, including fiber project management, high and medium voltage project design and support, pre-wired meters and capacitor banks, meter testing and metering infrastructure installation, personal protective equipment dielectric testing, and tool repair, as well as emergency response, storage yard, materials, and logistics management. The company was founded in 1922 and is headquartered in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.;tech
WCN;Waste Connections, Inc. provides non-hazardous waste collection, transfer, disposal, and resource recovery services in the United States and Canada. It offers collection services to residential, commercial, municipal, industrial, and exploration and production (E&P) customers; landfill disposal services; and recycling services for various recyclable materials, including compost, cardboard, mixed paper, plastic containers, glass bottles, and ferrous and aluminum metals. The company owns and operates transfer stations that receive compact and/or load waste to be transported to landfills or treatment facilities through truck, rail, or barge; and intermodal services for the rail haul movement of cargo and solid waste containers in the Pacific Northwest through a network of intermodal facilities. In addition, it provides E&P waste treatment, recovery, and disposal services for waste resulting from oil and natural gas exploration and production activity, such as drilling fluids, drill cuttings, completion fluids, and flowback water; production wastes and produced water during a well's operating life; contaminated soils that require treatment during site reclamation; and substances, which require clean-up after a spill, reserve pit clean-up, or pipeline rupture. Further, the company offers leasing services. Waste Connections, Inc. was founded in 1997 and is based in Woodbridge, Canada.;tech
WD;Walker & Dunlop, Inc., through its subsidiaries, originates, sells, and services a range of multifamily and other commercial real estate financing products and services for owners and developers of real estate in the United States. It operates through three segments: Capital Markets, Servicing & Asset Management, and Corporate. The company offers first mortgage, second trust, supplemental, construction, mezzanine, preferred equity, and small-balance loans. It also provides finance for multifamily, manufactured housing communities, student housing, affordable housing, and senior housing properties under the Fannie Mae's DUS program; and construction and permanent loans to developers and owners of multifamily housing, affordable housing, senior housing, and healthcare facilities. In addition, the company acts as a debt broker to work with life insurance companies, banks, and other institutional lenders to find debt and/or equity solution for the borrowers' needs; and offers property sales brokerage services to owners and developers of multifamily properties, and commercial real estate and multifamily property appraisals for various investors. Further, it provides multifamily appraisal and valuation services; and real estate-related investment banking and advisory services, including housing market research. Additionally, the company offers servicing and asset-managing the portfolio of loans; originates loans through its principal lending and investing activities; and manages third-party capital invested in tax credit equity funds focused on the LIHTC sector and other commercial real estate sectors. Walker & Dunlop, Inc. was founded in 1937 and is headquartered in Bethesda, Maryland.;tech
WDH;Waterdrop Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides online insurance brokerage services to match and connect users with related insurance products underwritten by insurance companies in the People's Republic of China. The company offers short-term and long-term health and life insurance products and services. It also operates a medical crowdfunding platform; and E-Find, a clinical trial patient recruitment platform for pharmaceutical companies to find matches for clinical trials. In addition, the company provides technical services to insurance brokerage or agency companies through customer relationship management system. Waterdrop Inc. was founded in 2016 and is headquartered in Beijing, the People's Republic of China.;tech
WDS;Woodside Energy Group Ltd engages in the exploration, evaluation, development, production, marketing, and sale of hydrocarbons in the Asia Pacific, Africa, the Americas, and the Europe. The company produces liquefied natural gas, pipeline gas, crude oil and condensate, and natural gas liquids. It holds interests in the Pluto LNG, North West Shelf, Wheatstone and Julimar-Brunello, Bass Strait, Ngujima-Yin FPSO, Okha FPSO, Pyrenees FPSO, Macedon, Shenzi, Mad dog, Greater Angostura, as well as Scarborough, Sangomar, Trion, Calypso, Browse, Liard, Ruby, Sangomar, Atlantis, Woodside Solar opportunity, and Sunrise and Troubadour. The company is also involved in the development of new energy products and lower-carbon services. The company was formerly known as Woodside Petroleum Ltd and changed its name to Woodside Energy Group Ltd in May 2022. Woodside Energy Group Ltd was founded in 1954 and is headquartered in Perth, Australia.;tech
WEA;Western Asset Premier Bond Fund is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Western Asset Management Company. The fund is co-managed by Western Asset Management Company Limited, Western Asset Management Company Pte. Ltd., and Western Asset Management Company Ltd. It invests in the fixed income markets of the United States. The fund primarily invests in investment grade bonds, including corporate bonds, U.S. government and agency securities, and mortgage related securities. It seeks to maintain an average duration of around two to three years with an average credit quality of BBB. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays Capital U.S. Corporate High Yield Index and the Barclays Capital U.S. Credit Index. Western Asset Premier Bond Fund was formed on March 28, 2002 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
WEAV;Weave Communications, Inc. provides a customer experience and payments software platform for small and medium-sized healthcare businesses. The company's products include Unified Phone Number; Customized Phone System, a smarter phone system to identify whether incoming calls are from new or current patients, provide information at every call, and manage heavy call times; Softphones to make and receive calls from anywhere with an internet connection; Text Messaging; Missed Call Text that allows practices to respond when a call is missed; Missed Text Auto-Reply, which replies to patient text messages by automatically responding to messages received outside of a practice's normal operating hours; Team Chat, a group messaging solution; and Weave Mobile App. It also offers Weave Reviews and Respond Assistant to request, collect, monitor, and respond to reviews; Weave AI; Call Intelligence; Weave Email Marketing and Email Assistant to create professional emails; Text Connect to interact with their existing and potential patients online directly through their websites; Weave Payments, a payment processing solution; and Practice Analytics that provides real-time data on patient retention, appointment scheduling, treatment acceptance rates, and revenue generation. The company provides Weave Digital Forms to collect patient information; Insurance Verification, which offers patient insurance plan details; Online Scheduling that allows patients to request appointments from the practice's website, send automatic scheduling reminders, and personalize each reminder for the patient; Weave Enterprise for multi-location healthcare practices comprising dental service organizations, vision, veterinary, and medical groups; and Frontdesk AI, an application based on artificial intelligence technology. The company was formerly known as Recall Solutions, LLC and changed its name to Weave Communications, Inc. in October 2015. The company was founded in 2008 and is headquartered in Lehi, Utah.;tech
WEC;WEC Energy Group, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides regulated natural gas and electricity, and renewable and nonregulated renewable energy services in the United States. It operates through Wisconsin, Illinois, Other States, Electric Transmission, and Non-Utility Energy Infrastructure segments. The company generates and distributes electricity from coal, natural gas, oil, and nuclear, as well as renewable energy resources, including wind, solar, hydroelectric, and biomass; and distributes and transports natural gas. It also owns, maintains, monitors, and operates electric transmission systems; and generates, distributes, and sells steam. As of December 31, 2024, the company operated approximately 35,300 miles of overhead distribution lines and 37,100 miles of underground distribution cables, as well as 420 electric distribution substations and 640,100 line transformers; approximately 47,000 miles of natural gas distribution mains; 1,300 miles of natural gas transmission mains; 2.4 million natural gas lateral services; 510 natural gas distribution and transmission gate stations; and 67.0 billion cubic feet of working gas capacities in underground natural gas storage fields. The company was formerly known as Wisconsin Energy Corporation and changed its name to WEC Energy Group, Inc. in June 2015. WEC Energy Group, Inc. was founded in 1896 and is headquartered in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.;tech
WELL;Welltower Inc. (NYSE: WELL), an S&P 500 company, is one of the world's preeminent residential wellness and healthcare infrastructure companies. We seek to position our portfolio of 1,500+ seniors and wellness housing communities at the intersection of housing, healthcare, and hospitality, creating vibrant communities for mature renters and older adults in the United States, United Kingdom, and Canada. We also strive to support physicians in our outpatient medical buildings with the critical infrastructure needed to deliver quality care. We believe our real estate portfolio is unmatched, located in highly attractive micro-markets with stunning built environments. Yet, we are an unusual real estate organization as we view ourselves as a product company in a real estate wrapper, driven by relationships and an unconventional culture. Through our disciplined approach to capital allocation powered by our Data Science platform and superior operating results driven by our operating platform, the Welltower Business System, we aspire to deliver long-term compounding of per share growth and returns for our existing investors  our North Star.;tech
WES;Western Midstream Partners, LP, together with its subsidiaries, operates as a midstream energy company primarily in the United States. The company is involved in gathering, compressing, treating, processing, and transporting of natural gas; gathering, stabilizing, and transporting of condensate, natural gas liquids (NGLs), and crude oil; and gathering and disposing of produced water. It also buys and sells natural gas, NGLs, and condensate. The company operates assets located in Texas, New Mexico, and the Rocky Mountains. Western Midstream Holdings, LLC operates as the general partner of the company. The company was formerly known as Western Gas Equity Partners, LP and changed its name to Western Midstream Partners, LP in February 2019. Western Midstream Partners, LP was incorporated in 2007 and is based in The Woodlands, Texas.;tech
WEX;WEX Inc. operates a commerce platform in the United States and internationally. The Mobility segment offers fleet vehicle payment solutions, transaction processing, and information management services; and provides account activation and account retention services; authorization and billing inquiries, and account maintenance services; account management; credit and collections services; merchant services; analytics solutions; and ancillary services and offerings. This segment markets its products directly and indirectly to businesses and government agencies with fleets of commercial vehicles; and indirectly through co-branded and private label relationships. The Corporate Payments segment provides payment solutions, including embedded payments; and accounts payable automation and spend management solutions. This segment also markets its products directly and indirectly to customers in travel, fintech, insurance, consumer bill pay, and media verticals. The Benefits Solutions segment offers software-as-a-service (SaaS) platform for consumer directed healthcare benefits and full-service benefit enrollment solutions. In addition, its SaaS platform includes embedded payment solutions and plan administration services for consumer-directed health benefits; COBRA accounts; and benefit enrollment and administration services. Further, it offers custodial and depository services for health savings accounts; and markets its products through third-party administrators, financial institutions, payroll providers, and health plans. The company was formerly known as Wright Express Corporation and changed its name to WEX Inc. in October 2012. The company was founded in 1983 and is headquartered in Portland, Maine.;tech
WF;Woori Financial Group Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a commercial bank which provides various financial services to individual, business, and institutional customers in Korea. The company operates through Banking, Credit Card, Capital, Investment Securities, and Others segments. It offers savings, demand, and installment deposits; time deposits, certificates of deposit, and repurchase instruments; and working capital, facilities, general purpose household, mortgage, and home equity loans. The company also offers debit and credit cards, cash services, card loans, and related services; lease financing; and securities operation, sale of financial instruments, project financing, and other related solutions. In addition, it provides credit purchase, cash advance, credit card loans, foreign exchange services and dealing, import and export-related services, offshore lending, syndicated loans and foreign currency securities investment, investment trust products, bancassurance, and private equity funds. Further, the company is involved in the real estate, system software development and maintenance, financing, credit information, securities investment and trading, derivatives trading, asset securitization, investment and international banking, money transfer, and other service. Additionally, the company offers automated telephone, Internet, and mobile banking services; and trust management, trustee, and custodian service.Woori Financial Group Inc. through its subsidiary Tong Yang Life Insurance Co., Ltd. offers life insurance; accident compensation insurance and child insurance services; and retirement pension services and asset management services. Woori Financial Group Inc. was founded in 1899 and is headquartered in Seoul, South Korea.;tech
WFC;Wells Fargo & Company, a financial services company, provides diversified banking, investment, mortgage, and consumer and commercial finance products and services in the United States and internationally. It operates through four segments: Consumer Banking and Lending; Commercial Banking; Corporate and Investment Banking; and Wealth and Investment Management. The Consumer Banking and Lending segment offers diversified financial products and services for consumers and small businesses. Its financial products and services include checking and savings accounts, and credit and debit cards, as well as home, auto, personal, and small business lending services. The Commercial Banking segment provides financial solutions to private, family owned, and certain public companies. Its products and services include banking and credit products across various industry sectors and municipalities, secured lending and lease products, and treasury management services. The Corporate and Investment Banking segment offers a suite of capital markets, banking, and financial products and services, such as corporate banking, investment banking, treasury management, commercial real estate lending and servicing, equity, and fixed income solutions, as well as sales, trading, and research capabilities services to corporate, commercial real estate, government, and institutional clients. The Wealth and Investment Management segment provides personalized wealth management, brokerage, financial planning, lending, private banking, and trust and fiduciary products and services to affluent, high-net worth, and ultra-high-net worth clients. It also operates through financial advisors in brokerage and wealth offices, consumer bank branches, independent offices, and digitally through WellsTrade and Intuitive Investor. Wells Fargo & Company was founded in 1852 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
WFG;West Fraser Timber Co. Ltd., a diversified wood products company, engages in manufacturing, selling, marketing, and distributing lumber, engineered wood products, pulp, newsprint, wood chips, and other residuals and renewable energy. It offers spruce-pine-fir, douglas fir-larch, hem-fir, and southern yellow pine lumber, treated wood products, medium density fiberboard panels and plywood, oriented strand board, and laminated veneer lumber wood products, as well as particleboards. In addition, the company provides northern bleached softwood Kraft pulp and bleached chemical thermo-mechanical pulp used to produce various paper products, including printing and writing papers, paperboard products, tissue and towel products, and a variety of other paper grades. Further, it offers bioproducts, including bioenergy and biomaterial. Its products are used in home construction, repair and remodeling, papers, tissue, and box materials, and industrial applications. The company sells its products to major retail chains, contractor supply yards, and wholesalers, as well as industrial customers for further processing or as components for other products in Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, Europe, and internationally. West Fraser Timber Co. Ltd. was founded in 1955 and is headquartered in Vancouver, Canada.;tech
WGO;Winnebago Industries, Inc. manufactures and sells recreation vehicles and marine products primarily for use in leisure travel and outdoor recreation activities. The company operates through three segments: Towable RV, Motorhome RV, and Marine. It provides towable products that are non-motorized vehicles to be towed by automobiles, pickup trucks, SUVs, or vans for use as temporary living quarters for recreational travel, such as conventional travel trailers, fifth wheels, folding camper trailers, truck campers, and park models under the Winnebago and Grand Design brand names. The company also offers motorhome RV, a self-propelled mobile dwelling used primarily as temporary living quarters during vacation and camping trips, or to support active and mobile lifestyles under the Winnebago and Newmar brand names. In addition, it offers other specialty commercial vehicles for law enforcement command centers, mobile medical clinics, and mobile office spaces; commercial vehicles as bare shells to third-party up fitters, as well as manufactures and sells recreational boats under the Chris-Craft and Barletta brand names. Further, the company is involved in the original equipment manufacturing of parts for other manufacturers and commercial vehicles. It sells its products primarily through independent dealers in the United States, Canada, and internationally. Winnebago Industries, Inc. was incorporated in 1958 and is based in Eden Prairie, Minnesota.;tech
WHD;Cactus, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, sells, and rents engineered pressure control and spoolable pipe technologies in the United States, Australia, Canada, the Middle East, and internationally. It operates in two segments, Pressure Control and Spoolable Technologies. The Pressure Control segment designs, manufactures, sells, and rents a range of wellhead and pressure control equipment under the Cactus Wellhead brand through its service centers. Its products are sold and rented primarily for onshore unconventional oil and gas wells for drilling, completion, and production phases. This segment also offers field services for its products and rental items to assist with the installation, maintenance, and handling of the equipment. The Spoolable Technologies segment designs, manufactures, and sells spoolable pipes and associated end fittings under the FlexSteel brand. Its products are primarily used in production, gathering, and takeaway pipelines to transport oil, gas, and other liquids. This segment also provides field services and rental items to assist with installation through service centers and pipe yards, as well as equipment and services. The company also offers repair and refurbishment services. Cactus, Inc. was founded in 2011 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
WHR;Whirlpool Corporation manufactures and markets home appliances and related products and services in the North America, Latin America, Asia, and internationally. The company's principal products include refrigerators, freezers, ice makers, and refrigerator water filters; laundry appliances, and commercial laundry products and related laundry accessories; cooking and other small domestic appliances; and dishwasher appliances and related accessories, as well as mixers. It markets and distributes its products primarily under the Whirlpool, Maytag, KitchenAid, JennAir, Consul, Brastemp, Amana, InSinkErator, affresh, Gladiator, Swash, everydrop, Eslabon de Lujo, Elica, and Acros brands. The company sells its products to retailers, distributors, builders, and other manufacturers, as well as directly to consumers. Whirlpool Corporation was founded in 1911 and is headquartered in Benton Harbor, Michigan.;tech
WIA;Western Asset/Claymore Inflation-Linked Securities & Income Fund is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched by Guggenheim Partners, LLC. The fund is co-managed by Western Asset Management Company, Western Asset Management Company Limited, Western Asset Management Company Ltd., and Western Asset Management Company Pte. Ltd. It invests in fixed income markets across the globe. The fund primarily invests in investment-grade, inflation-linked securities such as U.S. TIPS, corporate bonds, and mortgage backed securities. It seeks to maintain an average portfolio duration of between zero to 15 years. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays U.S. Government Inflation-Linked 1-10 Year Index and Barclays U.S. Government Inflation-Linked All Maturities Index. Western Asset/Claymore Inflation-Linked Securities & Income Fund was formed on September 25, 2003 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
WIT;Wipro Limited operates as an information technology (IT), consulting, and business process services company worldwide. It operates through IT Services and IT Products segments. The IT Services segment offers AI-powered IT and IT-enabled services, including digital strategy advisory, customer-centric design, technology and IT consulting, custom application design, development, re-engineering and maintenance, systems integration, package implementation, cloud and infrastructure, business process, cloud, mobility and analytics, research and development, and hardware and software design services to enterprises. It serves customers in various industry sectors, such as communications, media and information services, software and gaming, new age technology, consumer goods, healthcare, medical devices and life sciences, and technology products and services, as well as banking and financial services, energy, manufacturing and resources, capital markets and insurance, and hi-tech. The IT Products segment provides a range of third-party IT products comprising enterprise platforms, networking solutions, software and data storage products, contact center infrastructure, enterprise security, IT optimization technologies, video solutions, and end-user computing solutions. It serves enterprises in various industries primarily in the India market, which comprise the government, defense, IT and IT-enabled services, telecommunications, manufacturing, utilities, education, and financial services sectors. The company was incorporated in 1945 and is based in Bengaluru, India.;tech
WIW;Western Asset/Claymore Inflation-Linked Opportunities & Income Fund is a closed-ended fixed income mutual fund launched and managed by Guggenheim Funds Investment Advisors, LLC. It is managed by Western Asset Management Company, Western Asset Management Company Limited, Western Asset Management Company Ltd., and Western Asset Management Company Pte. Ltd. The fund invests in fixed income markets across the globe. It primarily invests in investment grade inflation-linked securities with an average effective duration of between zero and 15 years. The fund benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against the Barclays U.S. Government Inflation-Linked 1-10 Year Index and the Barclays U.S. Government Inflation-Linked All Maturities Index. Western Asset/Claymore Inflation-Linked Opportunities & Income Fund was formed on February 24, 2004 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
WK;Workiva Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides cloud-based reporting solutions in the Americas and internationally. It provides Workiva platform, a multi-tenant cloud software that provides data-linking capabilities; audit trail services; administrators access management; and connects and transforms data from various enterprise resource planning, human capital management, and customer relationship management systems, as well as other third-party cloud and on-premise applications. The company serves public and private companies, government agencies, and higher-education institutions. Workiva Inc. was founded in 2008 and is headquartered in Ames, Iowa.;tech
WKC;World Kinect Corporation operates as an energy management company in the United States, the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. It operates in three segments: Aviation, Land, and Marine. The Aviation segment supplies fuel and related products and services to commercial and international airlines, regional airlines, cargo carriers, airports, fixed-based operators, corporate fleets, charter and fractional operators, the U.S. and foreign governments, and military customers. This segment also offers fuel management, ground handling, dispatch services, and trip planning services, such as flight planning and scheduling. The Land segment offers fuel, lubricants, heating oil, and related products and services to retail petroleum operators, as well as commercial, industrial, residential, and government customers. This segment also provides energy advisory services and supply fulfillment for natural gas and power, as well as sustainability solutions, such as renewable fuel products, carbon management, and renewable energy solutions; sells fuel under long-term contracts to branded and unbranded distributors, and retail fuel outlets operated by third parties; and transportation logistics. The Marine segment markets fuel, lubricants, and related products and services to international container, dry bulk and tanker fleets, commercial cruise lines, yachts and time charter operators, the U.S. and foreign governments, and other fuel suppliers. This segment also offers marine fuel-related services include management services for the procurement of fuel, cost control, quality control, and claims management services; and engages in the fueling of vessels, and transportation and delivery of fuel and fuel-related products. The company was formerly known as World Fuel Services Corporation and changed its name to World Kinect Corporation in June 2023. World Kinect Corporation was incorporated in 1984 and is headquartered in Miami, Florida.;tech
WLK;Westlake Corporation manufactures and markets performance and essential materials, and housing and infrastructure products in the United States, Canada, Germany, China, Mexico, Brazil, France, Italy, and internationally. The Performance and Essential Materials segment offers ethylene, polyethylene, styrene, chlor-alkali, chlorinated derivative products, ethylene dichloride, vinyl chloride monomer, polyvinyl chloride (PVC), epoxy specialty resins, and base epoxy resins and intermediaries. The Housing and Infrastructure Products segment provides residential PVC sidings; PVC trim and mouldings; architectural stone veneers; windows; PVC decking; PVC films for various inflatables, wallcovering, and tape and roofing applications; polymer composite and cement roof tiles; PVC pipes and fittings for various water, sewer, electrical, and industrial applications; and PVC compounds for various housing, medical, and automobile products. This segment also offers consumer and commercial products, such as landscape edging; industrial, home, and office matting; marine dock edging; and masonry joint controls. It offers its products to chemical processors; plastics fabricators; small construction contractors; municipalities; and supply warehouses for use in various consumer and industrial markets, including residential construction, flexible and rigid packaging, automotive products, healthcare products, water treatment, wind turbines, and coatings, as well as other durable and non-durable goods. The company was formerly known as Westlake Chemical Corporation and changed its name to Westlake Corporation in February 2022. Westlake Corporation was founded in 1986 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas. Westlake Corporation is a subsidiary of TTWF LP.;tech
WLY;John Wiley & Sons, Inc., a publisher, provides authoritative content, data-driven insights, and knowledge services for the advancement of science, innovation, and learning in the United States, China, the United Kingdom, Japan, Australia, and internationally. The company's Research segment provides scientific, technical, medical, and scholarly journals, as well as related content and services in the areas of physical sciences and engineering, health sciences, social sciences, and humanities, and life sciences. This segment sells its products direct to research libraries and library consortia, as well as to researchers and professional society members, and other customers; and through independent subscription agents. The company's Learning segment offers scientific, professional, and education print and digital books; digital courseware to support students and instructors, and assessment services for businesses and professionals. This segment sells its products and services to business and leadership, technology, behavioral health, engineering/architecture, science, and professional education categories through brick-and-mortar and online retailers, wholesalers who supply such bookstores, college bookstores, individual practitioners, corporations, distributor networks, and government agencies. John Wiley & Sons, Inc. was founded in 1807 and is headquartered in Hoboken, New Jersey.;tech
WLYB;John Wiley & Sons, Inc., a publisher, provides authoritative content, data-driven insights, and knowledge services for the advancement of science, innovation, and learning in the United States, China, the United Kingdom, Japan, Australia, and internationally. The company's Research segment provides scientific, technical, medical, and scholarly journals, as well as related content and services in the areas of physical sciences and engineering, health sciences, social sciences, and humanities, and life sciences. This segment sells its products direct to research libraries and library consortia, as well as to researchers and professional society members, and other customers; and through independent subscription agents. The company's Learning segment offers scientific, professional, and education print and digital books; digital courseware to support students and instructors, and assessment services for businesses and professionals. This segment sells its products and services to business and leadership, technology, behavioral health, engineering/architecture, science, and professional education categories through brick-and-mortar and online retailers, wholesalers who supply such bookstores, college bookstores, individual practitioners, corporations, distributor networks, and government agencies. John Wiley & Sons, Inc. was founded in 1807 and is headquartered in Hoboken, New Jersey.;tech
WM;Waste Management, Inc., through its subsidiaries, provides environmental solutions to residential, commercial, industrial, and municipal customers in the United States, Canada, Western Europe, and internationally. It offers collection services, including picking up and transporting waste and recyclable materials from where it was generated to a transfer station, recovery facility, or disposal site; owns and operates transfer stations; and owns, develops, and operates landfill gas-to-energy facilities that produce renewable electricity and renewable natural gas. It also operates materials processing and commodities recycling services, including cardboard, paper, glass, metals, plastics, construction and demolition materials, and other recycling commodities are recovered for resale or redirected for other purposes; recycling brokerage services, such as managing the marketing of recyclable materials for third parties; and other strategic business solutions. In addition, the company collects recyclable food and yard waste, as well as markets and sells mulch, compost, soil amendments, and renewable energy; offers remediation and construction, and industrial waste services; and manages and markets fly ash. Further, it provides Regulated Waste and Compliance Services (RWCS), which offers compliance programs, as well as collection, processing, and disposal of regulated and specialized waste, including medical, pharmaceutical, and hazardous waste; and Secure Information Destruction (SID) services that includes the collection of personal and confidential information for secure destruction and recycling of sorted office paper. The company was formerly known as USA Waste Services, Inc. and changed its name to Waste Management, Inc. in 1998. Waste Management, Inc. was founded in 1968 and is based in Houston, Texas.;tech
WMB;The Williams Companies, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as an energy infrastructure company primarily in the United States. It operates through Transmission & Gulf of America, Northeast G&P, West, and Gas & NGL Marketing Services segments. The Transmission & Gulf of America segment comprises Transco, NWP, and MountainWest interstate natural gas pipelines, and their related natural gas storage facilities, as well as natural gas gathering and processing; and crude oil production handling and transportation assets in the Gulf Coast region. The Northeast G&P segment engages in the midstream gathering, processing, and fractionation activities in the Marcellus Shale region primarily in Pennsylvania and New York, and the Utica Shale region of eastern Ohio. The West segment consists of gas gathering, processing, and treating operations in the Rocky Mountain region of Colorado and Wyoming, the Barnett Shale region of north-central Texas, the Eagle Ford Shale region of South Texas, the Haynesville Shale region of northwest Louisiana, the Mid-Continent region that includes the Anadarko and Permian basins, and the DJ Basin of Colorado; and operates natural gas liquid (NGL) fractionation and storage assets in central Kansas near Conway. The Gas & NGL Marketing Services segment provides wholesale marketing, trading, storage, and transportation of natural gas for natural gas utilities, municipalities, power generators, and producers; asset management services; and transports and markets NGLs. The company owns and operates approximately 33,000 miles of pipelines. The Williams Companies, Inc. was founded in 1908 and is headquartered in Tulsa, Oklahoma.;tech
WMK;Weis Markets, Inc. engages in the retail sale of food through a chain of supermarkets in Pennsylvania. The company's retail food stores offer groceries, dairy products, frozen food, meats, seafood, fresh produce, floral, pharmacy services, deli products, prepared food, bakery products, beer and wine, and fuel; and general merchandise items, such as health and beauty care, and household products. It also operates stores in Delaware, Maryland, New Jersey, New York, Virginia, and West Virginia primarily under the Weis Markets name, as well as Weis, Weis 2 Go, Weis Great Meals Start Here, Weis Gas-n-Go, and Weis Nutri-Facts. Weis Markets, Inc. was founded in 1912 and is based in Sunbury, Pennsylvania.;tech
WMS;Advanced Drainage Systems, Inc. designs, manufactures, and markets thermoplastic corrugated pipes and related water management products in the United States, Canada, and internationally. It operates through Pipe, Infiltrator, International, and Allied Products & Other segments. The company offers single, double, and triple wall corrugated polypropylene and polyethylene pipes; plastic leachfield chambers and systems; EZflow synthetic aggregate bundles; wastewater purification through mechanical aeration wastewater for residential and commercial systems; septic tanks and accessories; combined treatment and dispersal systems, including AeroFin, advanced enviro-septic, enviro-septic, and advanced treatment leachfield; and allied products, including storm retention/detention and septic chambers, polyvinyl chloride drainage structures, fittings, and water quality filters and separators. It also purchases and distributes construction fabrics and other geosynthetic products for soil stabilization, reinforcement, filtration, separation, erosion control, and sub-surface drainage, as well as drainage grates and other products. In addition, the company provides PVC hubs, rubber sleeves, and stainless-steel bands. It offers its products for non-residential, residential, agriculture, and infrastructure applications through a network of distribution centers. Advanced Drainage Systems, Inc. incorporated in 1966 and is headquartered in Hilliard, Ohio.;tech
WMT;Walmart Inc. engages in the operation of retail and wholesale stores and clubs, eCommerce websites, and mobile applications worldwide. The company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International, and Sam's Club. It operates supercenters, supermarkets, warehouse clubs, cash and carry stores, and discount stores under Walmart and Walmart Neighborhood Market brands; membership-only warehouse clubs; and ecommerce websites, such as walmart.com.mx, walmart.ca, flipkart.com, PhonePe and other sites. The company also offers grocery items, including dry grocery, snacks, dairy, meat, produce, deli and bakery, frozen foods, alcoholic and nonalcoholic beverages, as well as consumables, such as health and beauty aids, pet supplies, household chemicals, paper goods, and baby products; and fuel and other categories. In addition, it is involved in the provision of health and wellness products covering pharmacy, optical and hearing services, over-the-counter drugs, and protein and nutrition products; and home, hardlines, and seasonal items, including home improvement, outdoor living, gardening, furniture, apparel, jewelry, tools and power equipment, housewares, toys, and mattresses. Further, the company offers consumer electronics and accessories, software, video games, office supplies, appliances, and third-party gift cards. Additionally, it operates digital payment platforms; offers financial services and related products, including money transfers, bill payments, money orders, check cashing, prepaid access, co-branded credit cards, installment lending, and earned wage access; and markets lines of merchandise under private and licensed brands. The company was formerly known as Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. and changed its name to Walmart Inc. in February 2018. Walmart Inc. was founded in 1945 and is based in Bentonville, Arkansas.;tech
WNC;Wabash National Corporation manufactures engineered solutions and services for transportation, logistics and infrastructure industry in the United States. The company operates through two segments, Transportation Solutions and Parts & Services. It offers dry van trailers, platform trailers, refrigerated trailers, stainless steel and aluminum tank trailers, and used trailors; dry freight truck bodies, cargo bodies, insulated and light-duty acutherm refrigerated truck bodies, and platform truck bodies; and laminated hardwood oak flooring. The company also provides aftermarket parts and services; steel flatbed bodies, truck body mounting, shelving for package delivery, partitions, roof racks, hitches, thermal solutions, liftgates, and other; door repair and replacement, collision repair, and basic maintenance; stainless steel storage tanks and silos, mixers, and processors for the dairy, food and beverage, pharmaceutical, chemical, craft brewing, and biotech end markets; and truck bodies, overhead doors, and other industrial applications. In addition, it offers maintenance and repair services for tank trailers and other related equipment; direct-line access to truck body repair parts; and trailers as a service, as well as develops and scales a digital marketplace for the transportation and logistics distribution industry. The company offers its products under the Wabash, DuraPlate, DuraPlateHD, DuraPlate AeroSkirt, and AeroSkirt CX brands, and EcoNex brand. Wabash National Corporation was founded in 1985 and is headquartered in Lafayette, Indiana.;tech
WNS;WNS (Holdings) Limited, a business process management (BPM) company, provides data, voice, analytical, and business transformation services worldwide. The company operates through Banking/Financial Services, and Insurance; Travel, Shipping/Logistics, and Utilities; Manufacturing/Retail/Consumer, Hi-tech/Professional Services, and Procurement; and Healthcare/Life Sciences segments. It engages in diversified business, including manufacturing, retail, consumer packaged goods, media and entertainment, and telecommunication; travel and leisure, utilities, shipping, and logistics; healthcare and life sciences; banking, financial services, and insurance; and Hi-tech and professional services, as well as procurement. In addition, the company provides a range of services, such as finance and accounting, customer experience, research and analytics, technology, legal, and human resources outsourcing services. Further, it offers digital transformation solutions and consulting services designed to allow its clients to enhance productivity, manage changes in the business environment, and leverage business knowledge to increase market competitiveness. Additionally, the company provides claims handling and repair management services for automobile repairs through a network of third-party repair centers, as well as accident management services. WNS (Holdings) Limited was founded in 1996 and is based in Mumbai, India.;tech
WOLF;Wolfspeed, Inc., a semiconductor company, focuses on silicon carbide and gallium nitride (GaN) technologies in Europe, Hong Kong, China, rest of Asia Pacific, the United States, and internationally. The company offers silicon carbide and GaN materials, including silicon carbide bare wafers, epitaxial wafers, and GaN epitaxial layers on silicon carbide wafers to manufacture products for RF, power, and other applications. It also provides power devices, such as silicon carbide Schottky diodes, metal oxide semiconductor field effect transistors (MOSFETs), and power modules for customers and distributors to use in applications, including electric vehicles comprising charging infrastructure, server power supplies, solar inverters, uninterruptible power supplies, industrial power supplies, and other applications. The company was formerly known as Cree, Inc. and changed its name to Wolfspeed, Inc. in October 2021. Wolfspeed, Inc. was founded in 1987 and is headquartered in Durham, North Carolina. On June 30, 2025, Wolfspeed, Inc., along with its affiliate, filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas.;tech
WOR;Worthington Enterprises, Inc. operates as an industrial manufacturing company. It operates through two segments, Consumer Products and Building Products. The Consumer Products segment provides products in the tools, outdoor living, and celebrations end markets. The segment's products include hand-held torches, micro torches, lighters, accessories, and fuel for constructing, fixing making, and creating; precision and specialty hand, digital, and safety tools; drywall tools and accessories used for finishing and taping, cutting, siding, and roofing; propane-filled cylinders for torches, camping stoves and other applications, helium-filled balloon kits, and gas grills and pizza ovens. This segment sells its products primarily to mass merchandisers, retailers, and distributors under the Balloon Time, Bernzomatic, Coleman, Garden-Weasel, General, Halo, Hawkeye, Level5, Mag-Torch, Pactool International, and Worthington Pro Grade brands. The Building Products segment provides pressurized containment solutions, such as refrigerant gas cylinders used in holding refrigerant gases for commercial, residential, and automotive air conditioning, and refrigeration systems; liquefied petroleum gas cylinders that holds fuel for residential and light commercial heating systems, barbeque grills and recreational vehicle equipment, industrial forklifts, and commercial/residential cooking; well water and expansion tanks used primarily in the residential and commercial markets; specialty products, including various fire suppression tanks, chemical tanks, and foam and adhesive tanks; and ceiling suspension systems. The company was formerly known as Worthington Industries, Inc. Worthington Enterprises, Inc. was founded in 1955 and is headquartered in Columbus, Ohio.;tech
WOW;WideOpenWest, Inc. provides high-speed data, cable television, and digital telephony services to residential and business customers in the United States. The company's video services include basic cable services that comprise local broadcast television and local community programming; digital cable services; WOW tv+ that offers traditional cable video and cloud DVR functionality, voice remote with Google Assistant, and Netflix integration along with access to various streaming services and apps through the Google Play Store; and HBO, Showtime, STARZ, STARZ ENCORE, and Cinemax channels provide commercial free movies, TV shows, sports, and other special event entertainment programs. Its telephony services consist of local and long-distance telephone services; and business telephony and data services include fiber network, office-to-office metro Ethernet, session-initiated protocol trunking, colocation infrastructure, cloud computing, managed backup, and recovery services. The company was formerly known as WideOpenWest Kite, Inc. and changed its name to WideOpenWest, Inc. in March 2017. WideOpenWest, Inc. was founded in 2001 and is based in Englewood, Colorado.;tech
WPC;W. P. Carey ranks among the largest net lease REITs with a well-diversified portfolio of high-quality, operationally critical commercial real estate, which includes 1,600 net lease properties covering approximately 178 million square feet and a portfolio of 66 self-storage operating properties as of June 30, 2025. With offices in New York, London, Amsterdam and Dallas, the company remains focused on investing primarily in single-tenant, industrial, warehouse and retail properties located in the U.S. and Europe, under long-term net leases with built-in rent escalations.;tech
WPP;WPP plc, a creative transformation company, provides communications, experience, commerce, and technology services in North America, the United Kingdom, Western Continental Europe, the Asia Pacific, Latin America, Africa, the Middle East, and Central and Eastern Europe. The company operates through three segments: Global Integrated Agencies, Public Relations, and Specialist Agencies. It offers marketing strategy, creative ideation, production, commerce, influencer marketing, social media management, and technology implementation services; media strategy, planning, buying and activation, commerce media, data analytics, and consulting services; and media management, public affairs, reputation, risk and crisis management, social media management, and strategic advisory services. The company also provides brand consulting, brand identity, product and service design, and corporate and brand publication services. WPP plc was founded in 1985 and is based in London, the United Kingdom.;tech
WRB;W. R. Berkley Corporation, an insurance holding company, operates as a commercial line writer worldwide. The company operates in two segments, Insurance, and Reinsurance & Monoline Excess. The Insurance segment underwrites commercial insurance business, including excess and surplus lines, admitted lines, and specialty personal lines. This segment also provides accident and health insurance and reinsurance products; insurance for commercial risks; casualty and specialty environmental products; insurance coverages for fine arts and jewelry exposures; excess liability and inland marine coverage for small to medium-sized insureds; and commercial general liability, umbrella, professional liability, directors and officers, commercial property, and surety products, as well as products for technology, and life sciences and travel industries. In addition, it offers cyber risk solutions; crime and fidelity insurance products; medical professional coverages; workers' compensation insurance products; management liability and general insurance products; personal lines insurance solutions, including home, condo/co-op, auto, fine arts and collectibles, liability, collector vehicle, and recreational marine; law enforcement, public officials and educator's legal, and employment practices liability, as well as incidental medical, property, and crime insurance products; at-risk and alternative risk insurance program management services; professional liability; energy and marine risks; and insurance products to the Lloyd's marketplace. The Reinsurance & Monoline Excess segment provides treaty and facultative reinsurance solutions; property and casualty reinsurance products; facultative reinsurance products include automatic, semi-automatic, and individual risk assumed reinsurance; and turnkey products, such as cyber, employment practices liability insurance, liquor liability insurance and violent events. The company was founded in 1967 and is headquartered in Greenwich, Connecticut.;tech
WRBY;Warby Parker Inc. provides eyewear products in the United States and Canada. The company offers eyeglasses, sunglasses, single-vision lenses, progressive lenses, light-responsive lenses, blue-light-filtering lenses, non-prescription lenses, and contact lenses. It also provides accessories, such as cases, lenses kit with anti-fog spray, pouches, travel cases, lenses cloth, anti-fog lens spray, and sun clip-ons through its retail stores, website, and mobile apps. In addition, the company offers eye exams and vision tests. Warby Parker Inc. was incorporated in 2009 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
WS;Worthington Steel, Inc. operates as a steel processor in North America. The company offers carbon flat-rolled steel and tailor welded blanks, as well as automotive and electrical steel lamination stampings; and aluminum tailor welded blanks. It serves automotive, construction, machinery and equipment, heavy truck, agriculture, and energy sectors. The company was incorporated in 2023 and is headquartered in Columbus, Ohio.;tech
WSM;Williams-Sonoma, Inc. operates as an omni-channel specialty retailer of various products for home. The company offers cooking, dining, and entertaining products, such as cookware, tools, electrics, cutlery, tabletop and bar, outdoor, furniture, and a library of cookbooks. It also provides home furnishings, home decor products and accessories, bedding, lighting, rugs, table essentials, kids accessories, made-to-order lighting, hardware, personalized products, custom gifts, and colorful and vintage-inspired heirloom products. In addition, the company operates a 3-D imaging and augmented reality platform for the home furnishings and decor industry. It offers its products under the Williams Sonoma, Pottery Barn, Pottery Barn Kids, Pottery Barn Teen, West Elm, Williams Sonoma Home, Rejuvenation, Mark and Graham, and GreenRow brand names. The company markets its products through e-commerce websites, direct-mail catalogs, and retail stores. Williams-Sonoma, Inc. was founded in 1956 and is headquartered in San Francisco, California.;tech
WSO;Watsco, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the distribution of air conditioning, heating, and refrigeration equipment, and related parts and supplies in the United States, Canada, Latin America, and the Caribbean. The company distributes equipment, including residential ducted and ductless air conditioners, such as gas, electric, and oil furnaces; commercial air conditioning and heating equipment systems; and other specialized equipment. It also offers parts comprising replacement compressors, evaporator coils, motors, and other component parts; and supplies, such as thermostats, insulation materials, refrigerants, ductworks, grills, registers, sheet metals, tools, copper tubing, concrete pads, tapes, adhesives, and other ancillary supplies, as well as plumbing and bathroom remodeling supplies. The company serves contractors and dealers that service the replacement and new construction markets for residential and light commercial central air conditioning, heating, and refrigeration systems. Watsco, Inc. was incorporated in 1956 and is headquartered in Miami, Florida.;tech
WSR;Whitestone REIT (NYSE: WSR) is a community-centered real estate investment trust (REIT) that acquires, owns, operates, and develops open-air, retail centers located in some of the fastest growing markets in the country: Phoenix, Austin, Dallas-Fort Worth, Houston and San Antonio. Our centers are convenience focused: merchandised with a mix of service-oriented tenants providing food (restaurants and grocers), self-care (health and fitness), services (financial and logistics), education and entertainment to the surrounding communities. The Company believes its strong community connections and deep tenant relationships are key to the success of its current centers and its acquisition strategy.;tech
WST;West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. designs, manufactures, and sells containment and delivery systems for injectable drugs and healthcare products in the Americas, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, and the Asia Pacific. It operates in two segments, Proprietary Products and Contract-Manufactured Products. The Proprietary Products segment offers stoppers and seals for injectable packaging systems; syringe and cartridge components, including custom solutions for the needs of injectable drug applications, as well as administration systems that enhance the safe delivery of drugs through advanced reconstitution, mixing, and transfer technologies; and films, coatings, washing, and vision inspection and sterilization processes and services to enhance the quality of packaging products. This segment also provides drug containment solutions, including Crystal Zenith, a cyclic olefin polymer in the form of vials, syringes, and cartridges; and self-injection devices; and a range of integrated solutions, including analytical lab services, pre-approval primary packaging support and engineering development, regulatory expertise, and after-sales technical support. This segment serves biologic, generic, and pharmaceutical drug companies. The Contract-Manufactured Products segment is involved in the design, manufacture, and automated assembly of devices used in surgical, diagnostic, ophthalmic, injectable, and other drug delivery systems, as well as consumer products. This segment primarily serves pharmaceutical, diagnostic, and medical device companies. It sells and distributes its products through its sales force and distribution network, contract sales agents, and regional distributors. West Pharmaceutical Services, Inc. was founded in 1923 and is headquartered in Exton, Pennsylvania.;tech
WT;WisdomTree, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates as an exchange-traded funds (ETFs) sponsor and asset manager. It offers ETFs in equities, currency, fixed income, and alternatives asset classes. The company also licenses its indexes to third parties for proprietary products, as well as offers a platform to promote the use of WisdomTree ETFs in 401(k) plans. It develops index using its fundamentally weighted index methodology. In addition, the company provides investment advisory services. The company was founded in 1985 and is based in New York, New York.;tech
WTI;W&T Offshore, Inc., an independent oil and natural gas producer, engages in the acquisition, exploration, and development of oil and natural gas properties in the Gulf of America. The company sells crude oil, condensate, natural gas, and natural gas liquids. W&T Offshore, Inc. was founded in 1983 and is headquartered in Houston, Texas.;tech
WTM;White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd., through its subsidiaries, provides insurance and other financial services in the United States. The company operates through HG Global/BAM, Ark/WM Outrigger, Kudu, and Other Operations segments. The HG Global/BAM segment provides insurance on municipal bonds issued to finance public purposes, such as schools, utilities, and transportation facilities, as well as reinsurance protection services. The Ark/WM Outrigger segment offers reinsurance and insurance, including property, marine and energy, accident and health, casualty, and specialty products. The Kudu segment provides capital solutions to boutique asset and wealth managers for generational ownership transfers, management buyouts, acquisitions and growth finances, and legacy partner liquidity, as well as strategic assistance to investees. The Other Operations segment offers insurance solutions to travel industry through broker channel and on a direct-to-consumer basis; and manages separate accounts and pooled investment vehicles for insurance-linked securities sectors, including catastrophe bonds, collateralized reinsurance investments, and industry loss warranties of third-party clients. White Mountains Insurance Group, Ltd. was incorporated in 1980 and is headquartered in Hamilton, Bermuda.;tech
WTRG;Essential Utilities, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates regulated utilities that provide water, wastewater, and natural gas services in the United States. It operates through Regulated Water; and Regulated Natural Gas segments. The company offers water services through operating and maintenance contracts with municipal authorities and other parties. It also provides utility service line protection solutions and repair services to households; and natural gas distribution services. The company serves approximately 5.5 million residential water, commercial water, fire protection, industrial water, wastewater, and other water and utility customers in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Texas, Illinois, North Carolina, New Jersey, Indiana, Virginia, and Kentucky under the Aqua and Peoples brands. The company was formerly known as Aqua America, Inc. and changed its name to Essential Utilities, Inc. in February 2020. Essential Utilities, Inc. was founded in 1886 and is headquartered in Bryn Mawr, Pennsylvania.;tech
WTS;Watts Water Technologies, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, supplies systems, products and solutions that manage and conserve the flow of fluids and energy into, though, and out of buildings in the commercial, industrial, and residential markets in the Americas, Europe, the Asia-Pacific, the Middle East, and Africa. The company offers residential and commercial flow control and protection products, including backflow preventers, water pressure regulators, temperature and pressure relief valves, thermostatic mixing valves, leak detection and protection products, commercial washroom solutions, and emergency safety products and equipment for plumbing and hot water applications. It also provides heating, ventilation, and air conditioning and gas products comprising commercial boilers; water heaters and heating solutions; hydronic and electric heating systems for under-floor radiant applications; custom heat and hot water solutions; hydronic pump groups for boiler manufacturers and alternative energy control packages; and flexible stainless-steel connectors for natural and liquid propane gas in commercial food service and residential applications. In addition, the company offers drainage and water re-use products, such as drainage products, engineered rainwater harvesting solutions for commercial, industrial, marine, and residential applications; connected roof drain systems; and water quality products that include point-of-use and point-of-entry water filtration, conditioning, and scale prevention systems for commercial, marine, and residential applications. It sells its products to plumbing, heating, and mechanical wholesale distributors and dealers; original equipment manufacturers; specialty product distributors; and do-it-yourself and retail chains, as well as wholesalers and private label accounts. Watts Water Technologies, Inc. was founded in 1874 and is headquartered in North Andover, Massachusetts.;tech
WTTR;Select Water Solutions, Inc. provides water management and chemical solutions to the energy industry in the United States. It operates in three segments: Water Services, Water Infrastructure, and Chemical Technologies. The Water Services segment offers water-related services, including water sourcing, water transfer, flowback and well testing, water containment, fluids hauling, water monitoring, and water network automation; WaterONE automation services and AquaView software platform; technology solutions comprising hydrographic mapping, water volume and quality monitoring, remote pit and tank monitoring, leak detection, asset and fuel tracking, and automated-equipment services; and various surface rental equipment and workforce accommodation services. Its Water Infrastructure segment engages in the recycling, gathering, transferring, and disposal of water through a network of permanent pipeline infrastructure, semi-permanent pipeline infrastructure, water recycling facilities, earthen pits, water sources, and SWDs; provides solids management services; and develops, builds, and operates semi-permanent and permanent infrastructure solutions. The Chemical Technologies segment offers technical solutions, products, and services related to chemical applications in the oil and gas industry; and water treatment and flow assurance solutions. This segment also develops, manufactures, manages logistics, and provides chemicals, including polymers for use in hydraulic fracturing, stimulation, cementing, and well completions; and offers production chemical solutions for underperforming wells, corrosion and scale monitoring, chemical inventory management, well failure analysis, and lab services. It serves oil and gas producers. The company was formerly known as Select Energy Services, Inc. and changed its name to Select Water Solutions, Inc. in May 2023. Select Water Solutions, Inc. was incorporated in 2016 and is headquartered in Gainesville, Texas.;tech
WU;The Western Union Company provides money movement and payment services worldwide. It operates through Consumer Money Transfer and Consumer Services segments. The Consumer Money Transfer segment facilitates money transfers for international cross-border and intra-country transfers, primarily through a network of retail agent and owned locations, as well as through websites and mobile devices. The Consumer Services segments offers bill payment services, money order and media network services, retail foreign exchange services, prepaid cards, lending partnerships, and digital wallets. The company was founded in 1851 and is headquartered in Denver, Colorado.;tech
WWW;Wolverine World Wide, Inc. designs, manufactures, sources, markets, licenses, and distributes footwear, apparel, and accessories in the United States, Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Asia Pacific, Canada and Latin America. It operates through Active Group and Work Group segments. The company offers casual footwear and apparel; performance outdoor and athletic footwear and apparel; kids' footwear; industrial work boots and apparel; and uniform shoes and boots. The company sources and markets a range of footwear and apparel styles, including shoes, boots and sandals under the Bates, Cat, Chaco, Harley-Davidson, Hush Puppies, Hytest, Merrell, Saucony, Sperry, Keds, Sweaty Betty, and Wolverine brands; and licenses under the Stride Rite brand. It markets Merrell and Wolverine branded apparel and accessories, as well as licenses its brands for use on non-footwear products, including the Hush Puppies apparel, eyewear, watches, socks, handbags, and plush toys; and Wolverine branded eyewear and gloves. In addition, the company markets pigskin leather under the Wolverine Leather division; sourcing division provides consulting services related to product development, production control, quality assurance, materials procurement, compliance, and other service; and multi-brand direct-to-consumer division includes retail stores that sell footwear and apparel of its brand portfolio. Further, it sells its products to department stores, national chains, catalog and specialty retailers, independent retailers, uniform outlets, and mass merchant and government customers through retail stores, third-party licensees and distributors, and joint ventures; and operates brick and mortar retails stores, and e-commerce sites. Additionally, the company operates through a network of retail stores and e-commerce sites. The company was founded in 1883 and is headquartered in Rockford, Michigan.;tech
WY;Weyerhaeuser Company, one of the world's largest private owners of timberlands, began operations in 1900 and today owns or controls approximately 10.4 million acres of timberlands in the U.S., as well as additional public timberlands managed under long-term licenses in Canada. Weyerhaeuser has been a global leader in sustainability for more than a century and manages 100 percent of its timberlands on a fully sustainable basis in compliance with internationally recognized sustainable forestry standards. Weyerhaeuser is also one of the largest manufacturers of wood products in North America and operates additional business lines around product distribution, climate solutions, real estate, and energy and natural resources, among others. In 2024, the company generated $7.1 billion in net sales and employed approximately 9,400 people who serve customers worldwide. Operated as a real estate investment trust, Weyerhaeuser's common stock trades on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol WY.;tech
XFLT;XAI Octagon Floating Rate & Alternative Income Trust is headquartered in Chicago, Illinois.;tech
XHR;Xenia Hotels & Resorts, Inc. is a self-advised and self-administered REIT that invests in uniquely positioned luxury and upper upscale hotels and resorts with a focus on the top 25 lodging markets as well as key leisure destinations in the United States. The Company owns 30 hotels and resorts comprising 8,868 rooms across 14 states. Xenia's hotels are in the luxury and upper upscale segments, and are operated and/or licensed by industry leaders such as Marriott, Hyatt, Fairmont, Kimpton, Loews, Hilton, and The Kessler Collection.;tech
XIFR;XPLR Infrastructure, LP acquires, owns, and manages contracted clean energy projects in the United States. It operates a portfolio of contracted clean energy assets, including wind, solar, and battery storage projects, as well as invests in contracted natural gas pipeline assets. The company was formerly known as NextEra Energy Partners, LP and changed its name to XPLR Infrastructure, LP in January 2025. XPLR Infrastructure, LP was incorporated in 2014 and is based in Juno Beach, Florida.;tech
XOM;Exxon Mobil Corporation engages in the exploration and production of crude oil and natural gas in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, Singapore, France, and internationally. It operates through Upstream, Energy Products, Chemical Products, and Specialty Products segments. The Upstream segment explores for and produces crude oil and natural gas. The Energy Products segment offers fuels, aromatics, and catalysts, as well as licensing services. The Chemical Products segment manufactures and sells petrochemicals, including olefins, polyolefins, and intermediates. The Specialty Products segment offers performance products, including finished lubricants, basestocks, waxes, synthetics, elastomers, and resins. The company is involved in the manufacture, trading, transportation, and sale of crude oil, natural gas, petroleum products, petrochemicals, and other specialty products; and pursuit of lower-emission and business opportunities, including carbon capture and storage, hydrogen, lower-emission fuels, Proxxima systems, carbon materials, and lithium. It sells its products under the Exxon, Esso, and Mobil brands. Exxon Mobil Corporation was founded in 1870 and is headquartered in Spring, Texas.;tech
XPER;Xperi Inc. operates as a consumer and entertainment technology company worldwide. It offers Pay-TV solutions, including user experience solutions servicing Pay-TV operators; virtual channels of internet-delivered video directly into the consumer's primary video consumption platform to provide universal search, discovery, and consumption; and electronic program guides, including TV listings navigation plus integrated video-on-demand and digital video recorder. The company also provides TiVo IPTV Service, a cloud-based solution to set-top-boxes in consumer homes, as well as applications that operate on third-party software platforms, such tablets, smartphones, smart TVs, streaming devices, and traditional IPTV set-top boxes; managed IPTV services; video metadata products comprising metadata libraries, covering television, sports, movies, digital-first, celebrities, books, and video games; personalized content discovery, natural language voice, and insights; direct-to-consumer retail TiVo DVR subscriptions; and technical support operations. In addition, it offers home, mobile audio, and DTS post-processing audio solutions; Connected Car solutions, such as HD radio, a digital terrestrial broadcast system and DTS autostage, an automotive infotainment platform; and media platform, including TiVo OS, TiVo OS for TV devices, TiVo OS for Car, TiVo OS and TV viewership data monetization, advertising solutions, and TiVo stream 4K media player. The company was incorporated in 2019 and is headquartered in San Jose, California.;tech
XPEV;XPeng Inc. designs, develops, manufactures, and markets smart electric vehicles (EVs) in the People's Republic of China. The company offers P7 and P7i, a four-door sports sedan; G9, a smart EV and a mid- to large-sized sport utility vehicle (SUV); G6, a smart EV and a coupe SUV; X9, Smart EV and a large seven-seater multi-purpose vehicle (MPV); MONA M03, an all-electric hatchback coupe; and P7+, smart EV of XPeng series. It also provides XOS Tianji, smart in-car operating system; Powertrain; and SEPA 2.0, a smart electric platform architecture. In addition, the company offers various services, including services embedded in a sales contract, supercharging, maintenance, technical support, technical research and development, and second-hand vehicle sales services; and insurance technology support, and automotive loan referral and auto financing services. XPeng Inc. was founded in 2015 and is headquartered in Guangzhou, the People's Republic of China.;tech
XPO;XPO, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, provides freight transportation services in the United States, North America, France, the United Kingdom, and rest of Europe. The company operates in two segments, North American Less-Than-Truckload (LTL) and European Transportation. The North American LTL segment provides shippers with geographic density and day-definite domestic and cross-border services to the U.S., Mexico, Canada, and the Caribbean. The European Transportation segment offers dedicated truckload, LTL, truck brokerage, managed transportation, last mile, freight forwarding, and warehousing and multimodal solutions, such as road-rail and road-short sea combinations to an extensive base of customers within the consumer, trade, and industrial markets. The company was formerly known as XPO Logistics, Inc. and changed its name to XPO, Inc. in December 2022. The company is based in Greenwich, Connecticut.;tech
XPOF;Xponential Fitness, Inc., through its subsidiaries, operates as a boutique fitness brands franchisor in North America. The company's brands portfolio consist of Club Pilates, a Pilates facility franchisor; CycleBar, a premier indoor cycling franchise; StretchLab, a fitness concept offering one-on-one assisted stretching services; YogaSix, a yoga concept; Pure Barre, a total body workout concept that uses the ballet barre to perform small isometric movements; Rumble, a boxing concept that offers boxing-inspired group fitness classes; BFT, a high-intensity interval training concept that combines functional, high-energy strength, cardio, and conditioning-based classes to achieve the unique health of its members; and Lindora, a provider of medically guided wellness and metabolic health solutions. Xponential Fitness, Inc. was founded in 2017 and is headquartered in Irvine, California.;tech
XPRO;Expro Group Holdings N.V. provides energy services in North and Latin America, Europe and Sub-Saharan Africa, the Middle East and North Africa, and the Asia-Pacific. It provides well construction products and services, such as technology solutions in tubular running services, tubular products, cementing, drilling, and wellbore cleanup; and well management services, including well flow management, subsea well access, and well intervention and integrity solutions. The company serves exploration and production companies in onshore and offshore environments in approximately 50 countries. Expro Group Holdings N.V. was founded in 1938 and is based in Houston, Texas.;tech
XYF;X Financial, together with its subsidiaries, operates as an online personal finance company in the People's Republic of China. The company offers Xiaoying credit loans, which are online personal credit loan products comprising Xiaoying card loans and other unsecured loan products; and Xiaoying housing loans, a secured home equity loan product. It also provides guarantee, consulting, e-commerce, and microcredit services. In addition, the company engages in the technology development and service, as well as the sale of products. X Financial was founded in 2014 and is headquartered in Shenzhen, the People's Republic of China.;tech
XYL;Xylem Inc., together with its subsidiaries, engages in the design, manufacture, and servicing of engineered products and solutions for utility, industrial, and residential and commercial building services settings worldwide. It operates through four segments: Water Infrastructure; Applied Water; Measurement and Control Solutions; and Water Solutions and Services. The company offers water, wastewater and storm water pumps, and controls and systems; filtration, disinfection, and biological treatment equipment under the Flygt, Ionpure, Vortisand, Wallace & Tiernan, and Wedeco brands; and pumps, valves, heat exchangers, controls and dispensing equipment used for water and focuses on the residential, commercial and industrial markets under the Rule, Bell & Gossett, Flojet, Goulds Water Technology, Jabsco, Lowara, and Standard Xchange brands. It also provides smart meters, network communication devices, data analytics, test instruments, controls, sensor devices, software and managed services, and critical infrastructure services; and software and services including cloud-based analytics, and remote monitoring and data management under the Sensus, Smith Blair, WTW, YSI, and Xylem Vue brands. In addition, the company offers preventative maintenance services, rapid response mobile services, digitally enabled/outsourced solutions, process and wastewater treatment systems, environmental remediation, odor and corrosion control, filtration, reverse osmosis, continuous deionization, and mobile dewatering equipment and rental services; and municipal services comprising odor and corrosion control services, as well as leak detection, condition assessment and asset management and pressure monitoring solutions under the AquaPro, WaterOne, Ion Pure, Flygt, Pure Technologies, and Godwin brands. The company was formerly known as ITT WCO, Inc. and changed its name to Xylem Inc. in May 2011. Xylem Inc. was incorporated in 2011 and is headquartered in Washington, District Of Columbia.;tech
XYZ;Block, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, builds ecosystems focused on commerce and financial products and services in the United States and internationally. It operates through two segments: Square and Cash App. The Square segment offers commerce products for restaurants, appointments, retail, point of sale, online, online checkout, and invoices, as well as virtual terminals, risk and order managers, and payment and commerce application programming interfaces; managed payment services; software solutions; hardware products, such as registers, terminals, stands, and readers for contactless and chips; banking services consisting of lending, instant transfer, and checking and savings accounts; and full-service setup and support services. This segment also provides loyalty, marketing, team management, and payroll services; and gift cards. It also offers Square Handheld, a portable point-of sale device for transaction purposes. The Cash App segment offers financial tools, including peer-to-peer payments, bitcoin, and stock investment brokerage; Cash App Card, a debit card; direct deposit, cash boost, and tax preparation services; and Afterpay, a buy now, pay later platform. In addition, the company operates TIDAL, a platform for musicians and fans; TBD, an open developer platform focused on making the decentralized financial world accessible; Bitkey, a self-custody bitcoin wallet; and proto. The company was formerly known as Square, Inc. and changed its name to Block, Inc. in December 2021. Block, Inc. was incorporated in 2009 and is based in Oakland, California.;tech
YALA;Yalla Group Limited, together with its subsidiaries, operates a social networking and gaming platform in the Middle East and North Africa region. The company offers mobile applications, including Yalla, a voice-centric group chat platform; and Yalla Ludo, a casual gaming application. Its platform provides group chatting and games services; and consume virtual currencies to purchase virtual items, as well as provides upgrade services. The company was formerly known as FYXTech Corporation. Yalla Group Limited was founded in 2016 and is headquartered in Dubai, the United Arab Emirates.;tech
YELP;Yelp Inc. operates a platform that connects consumers with local businesses in the United States and internationally. Its platform covers various categories, including restaurants, shopping, beauty and fitness, health, and other categories, as well as home, local, auto, professional, pets, events, real estate, and financial services. It provides free and paid advertising products to businesses, which include cost-per-click advertising and multi-location Ad products, RepairPal network, as well as enables businesses to deliver targeted advertising to large and high-intent audience; and business listing page products. The company also offers other services comprising Yelp Guest Manager, a subscription-based suite of front-of-house management tools for restaurants, nightlife, and certain other venues, which include online reservations, a waitlist management solution, as well as through hostless kiosks, and seating and server rotation management tools; Yelp Fusion Insights program that offers business owners local analytics and insights through access to its historical data and other proprietary content; and Yelp Fusion, which offers free access to various basic information through publicly available APIs, and paid access to content and data for consumer-facing enterprise use. In addition, it provides content licensing, consumer-interactive tools, as well as allows third-party data providers to update and manage business listing information on behalf of businesses. Further, the company offers its products directly through its sales force; indirectly through partners; and online through its website and business app, as well as non-advertising partner arrangements. It has partnership with Grubhub for providing consumers with a service to place food orders for pickup and delivery. The company was formerly known as Yelp! Inc. and changed its name to Yelp Inc. in August 2012. Yelp Inc. was incorporated in 2004 and is based in San Francisco, California.;tech
YETI;YETI Holdings, Inc. designs, retails, and distributes outdoor products under the YETI brand name. It offers coolers and equipment, including hard and soft coolers, cargo, bags, outdoor living, and associated accessories; and backpacks, duffel bags, luggage, packing cubes, carryalls, camp chairs, blankets, dog beds, dog bowls, and gear cases under the LoadOut, Panga, Crossroads, Camino, Hondo Base, Trailhead, Lowlands, Boomer, and SideKick Dry brand names. The company also provides drinkware products, such as french press, pitcher, pour over, flask, and shot glasses, as well as Bucket, wine chillers, cocktail shaker, colsters, lowball, stackable pints, mugs, tumblers, straw mugs and cups, bottles, jugs, and related accessories; straw caps and lids, bottle chug caps, magslider lid and color pack, tumbler handles, jug mounts, and ice scoop; food storage containers; and cast-iron skillet cookware products. In addition, it offers apparel and gear products, including hats, shirts, bottle openers, and ice substitutes. The company sells its products through independent retailers comprising outdoor specialty, hardware, sporting goods, and farm and ranch supply stores, as well as through its own website. It operates in the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Europe, and Japan. YETI Holdings, Inc. was founded in 2006 and is headquartered in Austin, Texas.;tech
YEXT;Yext, Inc. provides a platform that offers answers to consumer questions in North America and internationally. The company operates Yext Digital Presence platform, a cloud-based platform that allows its customers to provide answers to consumer questions, to control the information about their businesses and the content of their landing pages, and to manage their consumer reviews, as well as to offer customers the ability to update their information and content through its publisher network of maps, apps, search engines, intelligent GPS systems, digital assistants, vertical directories, and social networks. Its platform also enables its customers to centralize, control and manage data fields, including store information comprising name, address, phone number, and holiday hours; professional information, such as headshot, specialties, and education; job information consisting of title and description; FAQs; and other information. In addition, the company offers professional services to customize the Yext platform, such as custom-building landing pages and data integrations, as well as maintenance and other services; and a digital client engagement platform for financial services. The company serves various industries, such as healthcare, hospitality, food services, retail, and financial services. Yext, Inc. was incorporated in 2006 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
YMM;Full Truck Alliance Co. Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, operates a digital freight platform that connects shippers with truckers to facilitate shipments across distance ranges, cargo weights, and types in the People's Republic of China and Hong Kong. The company offers freight matching services, such as freight listing and brokerage services; and online transaction services, as well as various value-added services, such as credit solutions, insurance brokerage, software solutions, electronic toll collection, and energy services. It also provides technology development and other services. Full Truck Alliance Co. Ltd. was founded in 2011 and is based in Guiyang, China.;tech
YOU;Clear Secure, Inc. operates a secure identity platform under the CLEAR brand name primarily in the United States. Its secure identity platform, a multi-layered infrastructure consisting of front-end, including enrollment, verification, and linking, as well as back-end. The company also offers CLEAR Plus, a consumer aviation subscription service, which enables access to predictable entry lanes in airport security checkpoints, as well as access to broader network; and CLEAR mobile app, which is used to enroll new members and improve the experience for existing members. In addition, it provides RESERVE powered by CLEAR to reservation spot for airport locations; Home to Gate, a feature to help travelers plan and time their trip to the airport; CLEAR1, a B2B offering that extends secure identity platform to partners to create friction-free experiences for their customers; TSA PreCheck Enrollment Provided by CLEAR, as well as online renewal services; Sora ID that enables adding know your customer services to platform offerings; and a virtual queuing technology. The company was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in New York, New York. Clear Secure, Inc. is a subsidiary of Alclear Investments, Llc.;tech
YPF;YPF Sociedad Anónima, an energy company, engages in the oil and gas upstream and downstream activities in Argentina. Its upstream operations include the exploration, exploitation, and production of crude oil, and natural gas. The company's downstream operations include petrochemical production and crude oil refining; transportation and distribution of refined and petrochemical products; commercialization of crude oil, petrochemical products, and specialties. Its gas and power operations include transportation, commercialization, and distribution of natural gas; commercial and technical operation of regasification terminals; transportation, conditioning, processing, and separation of natural gas; and power generation. The company had interests in oil and gas fields. It also had a retail distribution network and retail service stations. In addition, the company owns and operates refineries, as well as maintains terminal facilities Argentine ports. Further, it participates in power generation plants; offers diesel, fertilizers, lubricants, phytosanitary products, and ensiling bags; and supplies diesel, gasoline, fuel oil, coal, asphalts, paraffin, and sulfur, CO2, decanted oil, and aromatic extract. The company was incorporated in 1977 and is based in Buenos Aires, Argentina.;tech
YRD;Yiren Digital Ltd. provides financial services through an AI-powered platform in China. Its platform provides a suite of financial and lifestyle services. The company offers financial services, which provides a portfolio of loan products to borrowers; insurance brokerage services; and consumption and lifestyle services, including non-financial products and services to meet various consumer needs. It supports clients at various growth stages, addressing financing needs arising from consumption and production activities, and augmenting the well-being and security of individuals, families, and businesses. The company was formerly known as Yirendai Ltd. and changed its name to Yiren Digital Ltd. in September 2019. The company was founded in 2012 and is based in Beijing, the People's Republic of China. Yiren Digital Ltd. operates as a subsidiary of CreditEase Holdings (Cayman) Limited.;tech
YSG;Yatsen Holding Limited, together with its subsidiaries, engages in the development and sale of beauty products in the People's Republic of China. It operates through three segments: Color Cosmetics Brands, Skincare Brands, and others. The company offers colored cosmetics for lips, eyes, and face; skin care products, including face serums and creams, eye creams, masks, toners, makeup removers, cleansers, and anti-acne patches; and beauty tools and kits, sunscreen products, and beauty devices. It sells its products through offline stores and online channels. It serves under the Perfect Diary, Little Ondine, Pink Bear, GalÃnic, DR.WU, Eve Lom, and EANTiM brand name. The company was formerly known as Mangrove Bay Ecommerce Holding (Cayman) and changed its name to Yatsen Holding Limited in January 2019. Yatsen Holding Limited was founded in 2016 and is headquartered in Guangzhou, China.;tech
YUMC;Yum China Holdings, Inc. owns, operates, and franchises restaurants in the People's Republic of China. It operates through two segment: KFC and Pizza Hut. The company also provides online food deliver services. It operates restaurants under the KFC, Pizza Hut, Taco Bell, Lavazza, Little Sheep, and Huang Ji Huang brands. Yum China Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1987 and is headquartered in Shanghai, the People's Republic of China.;tech
ZBH;Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates as a medical technology company worldwide. The company designs, manufactures, and markets orthopedic reconstructive products, such as knee and hip products; S.E.T. products, including sports medicine, biologics, foot and ankle, extremities, and trauma products; craniomaxillofacial and thoracic products comprising face and skull reconstruction products, as well as products that fixate and stabilize the bones of the chest to facilitate healing or reconstruction after open heart surgery, trauma, or for deformities of the chest. It offers technology and data, bone cement, and surgical products. The company's products and solutions are used to treat patients suffering from disorders of, or injuries to, bones, joints, or supporting soft tissues. It serves orthopedic surgeons, neurosurgeons, hospitals, stocking distributors, healthcare dealers, and other specialists, as well as agents, healthcare purchasing organizations, or buying groups. The company was formerly known as Zimmer Holdings, Inc. and changed its name to Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. in June 2015. Zimmer Biomet Holdings, Inc. was founded in 1927 and is headquartered in Warsaw, Indiana.;tech
ZEPP;Zepp Health Corporation operates as a smart wearable and health technology company worldwide. The company empowers users to live lives by optimizing health, fitness, and wellness journeys through its consumer brands, Amazfit, Zepp Clarity, and Zepp Aura. The company through its proprietary Zepp Digital Management Platform, which includes the Zepp OS, AI chips, biometric sensors, and data algorithms, delivers cloud-based 24/7 actionable insights and guidance to help users attain wellness goals. The company offers smart bands, watches, scales, and rings; and associated accessories, smart hearable products, sportswear, home appliances, and smart watch accessories. It also provides Zepp Aura, a real-time, personalized sound health solution offering health management, including emotional regulation and sports performance optimization; and provides charts and graphs to display analysis of the activity and biometric data collected from users through its Zepp Life and Zepp mobile apps. It offers its products under the Amazfit and Zepp brand names in approximately 90 countries. The company was formerly known as Huami Corporation and changed its name to Zepp Health Corporation in February 2021. Zepp Health Corporation was founded in 2013 and is based in Gorinchem, The Netherlands.;tech
ZETA;Zeta Global Holdings Corp. operates an omnichannel data-driven cloud platform that provides enterprises with consumer intelligence and marketing automation software in the United States and internationally. The company's Zeta Marketing platform analyzes billions of structured and unstructured data signals to predict consumer intent by leveraging sophisticated machine learning algorithms and the industry's opted-in data set for omnichannel marketing; and Consumer Data platform (CDP+) delivers real-time identifiers and signals which helps in consolidating multiple databases and internal and external data feeds and organize data based on needs and performance metrics. It also offers various types of product suites, such as agile intelligence suite, which synthesizes Zeta's data and data generated by its customers to uncover consumer insights that are translated into marketing programs. The company was incorporated in 2007 and is headquartered in New York, New York.;tech
ZGN;Ermenegildo Zegna N.V., together with its subsidiaries, designs, manufactures, markets, and distributes luxury menswear and womenwear, children's clothing, footwear, leather goods, and other accessories worldwide. The company offers luxury leisurewear, such as knitwear, jeans, jersey and shirts, fabric and leather outerwear, and accessories; formalwear, including formal suits to tuxedos, shirts, blazers, formal coats, and accessories; and leather accessories comprising sneakers and other shoes, bags, belts and small leather accessories. It also manufacturing and distribution of eyewear, cufflinks and jewelry, beachwear, underwear, and fragrances. In addition, the company offers fine jewelry, childrenswear, textile, and home design products. It sells its products under the ZEGNA, Thom Browne, and TOM FORD FASHION brands. The company serves its products through retail stores and online channels. The company was founded in 1910 and is based in Trivero, Italy. Ermenegildo Zegna N.V. operates as a subsidiary of Monterubello Societa' Semplice.;tech
ZH;Zhihu Inc. operates an online content community in the People's Republic of China. The company also offers technology, business support, and consulting services; information transmission, software, and information technology services; and information and marketing services. It also offers vocational training; and internet services, as well as holds audio-visual permit. Zhihu Inc. was founded in 2010 and is headquartered in Beijing, the People's Republic of China.;tech
ZIM;ZIM Integrated Shipping Services Ltd., together with its subsidiaries, provides container shipping and related services in Israel and internationally. The company offers door-to-door and port-to-port transportation services for various types of customers, including end-users, consolidators, and freight forwarders. It also provides ZIMonitor, a reefer cargo tracking service. As of December 31, 2024, it operated a fleet of 145 vessels, such as 130 container vessels and 15 vehicle transport vessels, as well as a network of 56 weekly lines. The company was incorporated in 1945 and is headquartered in Haifa, Israel.;tech
ZIP;ZipRecruiter, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, operates an online marketplace that connects job seekers and employers in the United States and internationally. Its two-sided marketplace enables employers to post jobs and access other features, as well as the job seekers that apply to jobs with a single click. The company was incorporated in 2010 and is headquartered in Santa Monica, California.;tech
ZK;ZEEKR Intelligent Technology Holding Limited, an investment holding company, engages in the research and development, production, commercialization, and sale of the electric vehicles and batteries. It offers battery electric passenger vehicles (BEVs) and SUVs. The company also produces and sells electric powertrain and battery packs for electric vehicles, such as motors and electric control systems; and provides automotive related research and development services. It operates in China, Europe, and internationally. The company was founded in 2017 and is based in Hangzhou, China. ZEEKR Intelligent Technology Holding Limited operates as a subsidiary of Geely Automobile Holdings Limited.;tech
ZKH;ZKH Group Limited develops and operates a maintenance, repair, and operating (MRO) products trading and service platform that offers spare parts, chemicals, manufacturing parts, general consumables, and office supplies in the People's Republic of China. It offers equipment parts, including pump valve fittings, low voltage electrical, electric automation, wire and cable, fastening seal, pneumatics and hydraulics, and instrumentation products; chemicals, such as workshop chemicals, chemical reagents, lubricants, and adhesives, as well as paint and painting supplies; and manufacturing parts comprising cutting tool, air compressor, electronic vending machine, factory automation, and abrasive measuring tool products. The company also provides general consumables, including security-related, material handling, power transmission, personal protective equipment, welding, tape and label, cleaning supply, laboratory instrument consumable, and hardware and hand tool products; and office supply, furniture, fringe, lightening, refrigeration and heating, ventilating, air conditioning, and building material products. In addition, it offers MRO procurement and management services; AI-powered MRO procurement solutions; and logistics and warehousing services. Further, the company engages in the production and sale of intelligent warehousing equipment. ZKH Group Limited was founded in 1998 and is based in Shanghai, the People's Republic of China.;tech
ZTO;ZTO Express (Cayman) Inc. provides express delivery and other value-added logistics services in the People's Republic of China. It offers freight forwarding services; and delivery services for e-commerce merchants and traditional merchants, and other express service users. The company was founded in 2002 and is headquartered in Shanghai, the People's Republic of China.;tech
ZTR;Virtus Global Dividend & Income Fund Inc. is a closed-ended balanced mutual fund launched by Virtus Investment Partners, Inc. The fund is co-managed by Virtus Investment Advisers, Inc., Kayne Anderson Rudnick Investment Management LLC and Newfleet Asset Management, LLC. It invests in the public equity and fixed income markets of the United States. The fund seeks to invest in securities of companies operating across diversified sectors. It primarily invests in reasonably priced growth (GARP) stocks of large cap companies and investment grade bonds issued by companies and governments. The fund is actively managed. It benchmarks the performance of its portfolio against a composite index comprised of 60% Russell Developed Large Cap Index and 40% Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Bond Index. The fund was formerly known as The Zweig Total Return Fund, Inc. Virtus Global Dividend & Income Fund Inc. was formed on September 30, 1988 and is domiciled in the United States.;tech
ZTS;Zoetis Inc. engages in the discovery, development, manufacture, and commercialization of animal health medicines, vaccines, diagnostic products and services, biodevices, genetic tests, and precision animal health products in the United States and internationally. The company commercializes products primarily across species, including livestock, such as cattle, swine, poultry, fish, and sheep; and companion animals comprising dogs, cats, and horses. It also offers parasiticides, vaccines, dermatology, anti-infectives, pain and sedation, other pharmaceutical, and animal health diagnostics. In addition, the company provides animal health diagnostics, including point-of-care diagnostic products, instruments and reagents, rapid immunoassay tests, reference laboratory kits and services, and blood glucose monitors; and other non-pharmaceutical products, which include nutritionals, as well as products and services in biodevices, genetic tests, and precision animal health. It markets its products to veterinarians, livestock producers, and pet owners. The company has collaboration Blacksmith Medicines, Inc. to discover and develop novel antibiotics for animal health. Zoetis Inc. was founded in 1950 and is headquartered in Parsippany, New Jersey.;tech
ZVIA;Zevia PBC develops, markets, sells, and distributes zero sugar beverages in the United States and Canada. The company offers soda, energy drinks, and organic tea under the Zevia brand name. It serves grocery distributors; national, convenience, natural products, and warehouse club retailers; and retailers through a network of grocery, food, drug, warehouse club, mass, natural, convenience, and e-commerce channels, as well as natural product stores and specialty outlets. The company was founded in 2007 and is headquartered in Encino, California.;tech
ZWS;Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corporation engages in design, procurement, manufacture, and marketing of water management solutions in the United States, Canada, and internationally. It offers water dispensing and filtration products, such as filtered bottle filling stations, water fountains and water dispensers, and filtered faucets under the Elkay and Halsey Taylor brand names; filtered units including water filters; and water safety and control products, such as backflow preventers, fire system valves, pressure reducing valves, thermostatic mixing valves, PEX pipings, fittings, and installation tools under the Zurn and Wilkins brand names. It also provides flow systems products comprising point drains, hydrants, fixture carrier systems, and chemical drainage systems; and oil and grease interceptors and separators, acid neutralization systems, and remote monitoring systems under the Zurn, Green Turtle, and Wade brands. In addition, it offers sensor-operated flush valves under the AquaSense, Aquaflush, and AquaVantage brands; heavy-duty commercial faucets under the AquaSpec brand; flush valves and faucets under the Hydro X Power brands; water conserving fixtures under the EcoVantage and Zurn One brands; stainless steel, quartz, fireclay-ceramic, and cast iron sinks under the Elkay brand name; stainless steel sinks and plumbing fixtures under the Just brand; restroom partition systems and lockers under the Hadrian brand name; and hand dryers. The company offers its products to institutional, commercial, waterworks, and residential end markets through independent sales representatives, plumbing wholesalers, and industry-specific distributors in the waterworks, foodservice, industrial, janitorial, sanitation, and sitework industries. The company was formerly known as Zurn Water Solutions Corporation and changed its name to Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corporation in July 2022. Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corporation was founded in 1891 and is based in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.;tech
